At last
The heat
She cried diamonds.
Fortune befriends the bold.
Light tomorrow with today!
I’m a living furnace.
The cautious seldom err.
On each full moon
Fortune favours the brave.
Whatever happens, take responsibility.
Imagination rules the world.
Talk doesn't cook rice.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Two seats were vacant.
Mary plays the piano.
This is a Japanese doll.
Never mistake motion for action.
Everything in life is luck.
In that instant, everything changed.
Joy is the best makeup.
Peace begins with a smile.
Ignorance never settle a question.
I want more detailed information.
Self-complacency is fatal to progress.
All great achievements require time.
Well begun is half done.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
You give before you get.
Smile, breathe, and go slowly.
Greetings from the real universe.
Who sows virtue reaps honour.
The beginning is always today.
Kindness is the greatest wisdom.
Our distrust is very expensive.
Being angry never solves anything.
All things change; nothing perishes.
Rainbows apologize for angry skies.
Whoso loves, believes the impossible.
Our intention creates our reality.
Do more than dream: work.
With the high wind warning
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
One fails forward toward success.
What worries you masters you.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Love is not like pizza.
Never mistake activity for achievement.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
Smile, breathe and go slowly.
Our passion is our strength.
Never, never, never give up.
What we think, we become.
I scrubbed the floors thoroughly.
Mother sews yellow gingham aprons.
The humidity is overwhelming there.
The islands are sparsely populated.
Just one side got wet.
The little schoolhouse stood empty.
The books are very expensive.
The job provides many benefits.
He wrapped the package hastily.
The box contained three sweaters.
We bought a brown chair.
Please open the window quickly.
Some hotels are available nearby.
We have an excellent team.
You can ride a stagecoach.
Do they make any money?
The results were very disappointing.
The four brothers looked identical.
I called two different painters.
Life is short and precious.
We just didn't look good.
We have a big house.
It requires no big investment.
Gold can be found anywhere.
The sun died at night.
He has played very well.
It was a great meeting.
We know we can score.
We talked about the situation.
Try to work things out.
She will order the wine.
They'll never fit me again.
There is such a program.
He noted the fact carefully.
He took heart and played.
We got married right here.
We just sat there giggling.
She was really shook up.
She was not seriously injured.
It looked like an accordion.
He has played very well.
It's beauty that surrounds you.
Wages are a key issue.
The cat had five kittens.
That plant needs more water.
The pants are too short.
His wife traveled by train.
The closet was too full.
This is a family show.
It is not that rare.
It's not a bright outlook.
It can be a bore.
That day might be here.
I think I'm getting better.
I just couldn't feel anything.
The workout lasted two hours.
Please come to the parade.
You have to pace yourself.
I'm a very independent person.
He feels the same way.
You'll need plenty of furniture.
I could barely sit down.
Every newspaper reported the story.
The puppies chased the ball.
Do you like doing math?
They help save on energy.
These are enormously popular trips.
The effort is still worthwhile.
We both love to travel.
We understand each other better.
Money wasn't a big problem.
She couldn't find it anywhere.
It was not a joke.
I just wrote the letter.
I think we'll respond favorably.
The rose is bright yellow.
My husband drives too fast.
My work is here, too.
That wasn't me you heard.
It's the way it was.
Contrast is important in life.
Alter your clothes style gradually.
I've had one unusual request.
We picked grapes for wine.
They have two apple trees.
The steeple bell rang once.
We painted the picket fence.
She cooked carrots and onions.
I planted three pink rosebushes.
You are paying their salary.
They will make many friends.
Many have adopted this attitude.
The grandfather clock chimed loudly.
Cinders flew from the hearth.
I enjoy him very much.
He carefully guards his answers.
I won a teaching award.
He wore a black vest.
Keep your house very clean.
I found two wooden boxes.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
Skill to do comes of doing.
He who angers you conquers you.
From wonder into wonder existence opens.
Be as you wish to seem.
Change your thoughts, change your life!
My reputation grows with every failure.
Things do not change, we change.
A glittering gem is not enough.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty.
Change your words. Change your world.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
Some pursue happiness, others create it.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
Hit me with your pet shark!
Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
A beautiful thing is never perfect.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
God always takes the simplest way.
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Great talent finds happiness in execution.
Speak low, if you speak love.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
No garden is without its weeds.
Things do not change; we change.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
Everyone smiles in the same language.
All serious daring starts from within.
All is flux; nothing stays still.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
Each day provides its own gifts.
To lead people walk behind them.
Open minds lead to open doors.
Take it easy but take it.
The world is always in movement.
Please wait outside of the house.
Nothing happens unless first we dream.
Take it easy, but take it.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
Nothing will work unless you do.
A stumble may prevent a fall.
Change in all things is sweet.
Don't step on the broken glass.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
A jug fills drop by drop.
Truth is powerful and it prevails.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
We gathered shells on the beach.
The train approached the depot slowly.
Their house is grey and white.
My sister made the flowered curtains.
I was conscious all the time.
I have had my bell rung.
There is a treehouse up above.
We rode horseback to the farm.
The dolphins swam around our boat.
Students watched as he got out.
You want him to do well.
Whitecapped waves covered the entire bay.
He took me out one day.
The pair of shoes was new.
Each one volunteered to jump first.
He asked you for a loan.
The fish swam across the pond.
The little girls cut lacy valentines.
Some prefer the traditional steel kind.
Trespassers can be prosecuted and fined.
I tell you, it was wonderful.
Worse luck was still to come.
I also can be quite vocal.
Her dark hair is combed casually.
I loved every minute of it.
We all sat down and relaxed.
Look for pockets of black sand.
He'll sell them by the box.
We shelled clams for the chowder.
I wanted to be an actress.
The store serves meals every day.
The snow blew into large drifts.
We've done it in the past.
We knew we weren't doing well.
We're all disappointed with our start.
She makes other trips for pleasure.
It fell out of his pocket.
That's the name of the game.
I got into acting by accident.
Young and old also got together.
Most weeds grow strong and fast.
Cover and chill until serving time.
The weeds did not grow well.
Small ferns grow well in driftwood.
I said I'd put on weight.
The book is small and lightweight.
He erased his mistake and continued.
That's just the way it is.
The surgeon quickly stitched the wound.
I mailed the package years ago.
How many hours have you worked?
The robber escaped with the diamonds.
Most visitors come as day hikers.
Palm trees grow in great abundance.
How many melons would you like?
She comes from a basketball family.
She will spend the winter abroad.
Hundreds of fans surrounded the celebrity.
Would you please sharpen these pencils?
The ballet is about to begin.
He rode horseback through the woods.
They brought six loaves of bread.
Sunlight shone through the bedroom window.
The book has a red cover.
She picked a bouquet of wildflowers.
Paint the sign in bold letters.
The old gentleman's coat was threadbare.
She asked me what I did.
I don't want to discourage people.
Just don't fill them too full.
The old woman's cat was pregnant.
The typewriter needs to be repaired.
Our new car is a convertible.
They are very much in love.
They ordered hot dogs with mustard.
I have not addressed the issue.
They want to do more research.
They have not taken the time.
He is uninformed on student issues.
It just doesn't happen very often.
He will make a decision soon.
I will make a dinner salad.
The rate here is somewhat low.
We hope they will soon cooperate.
At one time, this was true.
The sailboat flew the red flag.
The two potatoes must be eaten.
Four people work in the restaurant.
The idea for it was mine.
Some people just don't see them.
Our meadow is filled with daisies.
We hope to meet them again.
For bird lovers, they're very special.
She filled the bag with tomatoes.
The house has a thatched roof.
The wallpaper is green and blue.
I was in love with it.
That way, you won't be disappointed.
You'll never know until you try.
Looks are not a primary consideration.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.
Time is the wisest counsellor of all.
The old apple revels in its authority.
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.
Error is discipline through which we advance.
Flying fish few by the space station.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
Kind words will unlock an iron door.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
A short saying oft contains much wisdom.
Let me help you with your baggage.
Much wisdom often goes with fewer words.
A good rest is half the work.
Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
Be the chief but never the lord.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply!
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
The pain passes, but the beauty remains.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
You'll see it when you believe it.
As you think, so shall you become.
Our strength grows out of our weaknesses.
Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
He drank life before spitting it out.
He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
What you give is what you get.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
To fly, we have to have resistance.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
When you lose, don't lose the lesson.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
No man was ever wise by chance.
The only real valuable thing is intuition.
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
From little acorns mighty oaks do grow.
To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
The best way out is always through.
Just go ahead and press that button.
Most smiles are started by another smile.
I am never at home on Sundays.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
A short saying often contains much wisdom.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
The wisest men follow their own direction.
Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.
Never promise more than you can perform.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
The simplest things are often the truest.
Memory is the mother of all wisdom.
So long and thanks for the fish.
Well done is better than well said.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
Not all people who wander are lost.
One faces the future with ones past.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
She did her best to help him.
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
Self-trust is the first secret of success.
Silence is a source of great strength.
They can conquer who believe they can.
You only lose what you cling to.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
They carried me off on the stretcher.
I feel I can play this weekend.
I just try to do my best.
You're used to being on the field.
All the big baseball players get traded.
Both injuries were to the same leg.
The misguided souls have lost their way.
It was a good win for us.
I expect we'll bounce back this week.
It eventually became a rather proud claim.
He is definitely a notch above us.
Being able to dance can help too.
The owners regularly look for plumbing leaks.
This is a good place, though small.
People who value themselves are life's winners.
Who knows what you'll discover about yourself.
That's what life is really all about.
I scream to warm up my voice.
I think I'm full of this stuff.
I've kept it with me ever since.
The marriage went well from the start.
It was very popular with our fans.
She suggested we all have dinner together.
I haven't seen that friend for years.
I don't think it's a good idea.
Be prepared for odd behavior from friends.
Begin by trying to speak up more.
Now I'm living exactly as I choose.
Have no fear if you come alone.
The plot is laced with mysterious incidents.
When you are through, write a report.
Handle it any way you have to.
They received all the things they needed.
The new highway is straight and empty.
A few may be hard to find.
Old telephone booths aren't easy to find.
I like them because they are practical.
I saw him a few weeks later.
Only two seemed really appealing to me.
She is not sure what to expect.
The canoe floated slowly down the river.
Several paintings were sold at the auction.
We had a picnic on the beach.
We saw three deer and a badger.
This railroad's future is in the West.
Adding extra sugar didn't increase the sweetness.
Drink a glass of water before exercising.
Don't even wait until you are thirsty.
No one can quarrel with the aim.
I was wet from the neck down.
How much have you spent on it?
Big muscles are not necessarily strong ones.
Some trees had been planted much earlier.
Trees are listed by their common names.
The soil seemed to hold water well.
They're kept out on an open patio.
It shows up in the unlikeliest places.
It's hard work and dangerous as well.
They may be closer than you think.
Stroll along the banks, looking for clues.
How do they know where to look?
Prospecting for gold is a booming business.
It's not at all difficult to prepare.
People may find them hard to digest.
Some people find them hard to identify.
Beans must be soaked and then cooked.
You'll also have to buy the gas.
Private cabins are scattered, lining the beach.
Our intelligence has bought the necessary time.
Gradually, the noise level began to drop.
The preparation of this article was difficult.
He told the patient to be careful.
The vase is very thin and fragile.
How did we come to this pass?
You're betting that he won't get hurt.
The proposal is sure to spark debate.
Paper cups of jellybeans were set out.
A large coffee machine was bubbling away.
The pain passes, but the beauty remains.
How quickly it had happened to her!
He ignores them, concentrating on his work.
It's training the owner that takes longer.
It's a grace that must be developed.
I dismissed the suit without a trial.
We had to get the manager's permission.
The others sat on the green grass.
I gave the role everything I had.
I hadn't even read for the part.
The script called for an elderly man.
You can also buy cider and wine.
The team had me do the throwing.
We tore them up, bit by bit.
Can you go with us or not?
There is enough oil here for all.
Did dues money pay for that trip?
So why should anyone complain about that?
I am not trying to antagonize judges.
They had no natural interest in sports.
It makes all the work seem worthwhile.
I went back and checked my office.
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
You cannot have what you do not want.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
Put your future in good hands your own.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
I never worry about action, but only inaction.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
A prudent question is one half of wisdom.
I allow my intuition to lead my path.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.
Learning is finding out what you already know.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
Try and fail, but don't fail to try.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.
Someone is special only if you tell them.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
Character develops itself in the stream of life.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
Life is a progress, and not a station.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
Don't ruin the present with the ruined past.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
Keep true to the dreams of thy youth.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
Worry gives a small thing a big shadow.
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished.
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
Do, or do not. There is no try.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.
We do what we do because we believe.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
If you wish to be a writer, write.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
We can only learn to love by loving.
All know the way; few actually walk it.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
When you learn, teach. When you get, give.
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
The book is in front of the table.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
When the solution is simple, God is answering.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
The best teacher is experience learned from failures.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.
We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
The lake is a long way from here.
Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
You'd be better off taking a cold shower.
I tried to tell people in the community.
I looked up and noticed two old men.
Night after night, they received annoying phone calls.
If you are losing water, replace it immediately.
This is a period of transition for me.
I'm willing to experiment for the first time.
Travel is about the only leisure we have.
The wait for work can be very long.
She doesn't like to have it hanging around.
There was only one decision to be made.
We selected places where families will be welcome.
A fire in straw makes a quick blaze.
I was pleased with the way things went.
Those people are much quicker than I am.
I didn't know where they were coming from.
I had no desire to change my ways.
We are the largest of the four states.
You have to expect a few bad calls.
He can't abide mistakes in his own game.
It was a huge part of my life.
I soon found myself muttering to the walls.
Can you paint a room or a portrait?
That's what I thought it was at first.
The strike spread throughout much of the state.
The dog sat on the vet's office floor.
No one target shoots as well as he.
It can lead to any number of adventures.
Take some time out to enjoy the season.
For importers and dealers, the profits are enormous.
You can describe my financial situation as fluid.
It grows faster than anything else on earth.
Well, religion made me what I am today.
Evidence soon accumulated that this unusual approach worked.
There is a strange logic to its travels.
The process works in other ways as well.
There is little hope that overfishing will cease.
This will not be challenged in the court.
He's a young bear, and he's moving on.
Three days later, he phoned with the results.
Do you know what the yards look like?
I can train any dog in five minutes.
You can wade in the cool, slow river.
There's no admission charge, but donations are accepted.
I had to throw away all my vests.
He never played a moment of organized football.
I put on twenty pounds in one month.
I don't know how to deal with it.
People often work in their offices at night.
Find out everything you might need to know.
She washes her hair more often than necessary.
At eleven, he received his first real piano.
The airplane came in for a swift landing.
Even my sister didn't get to see it.
After that, nature should do it for you.
He twisted a knee and hurt an ankle.
The veteran coach was concerned about the opponent.
It was followed by another session at night.
Natural poisons have always existed in our foods.
A friend of mine has a good truck.
He was a policeman in a local club.
Needing more income, he took a weekend job.
It eased my nerves and imposed no pollution.
Salt is the only special ingredient you need.
The lovable man is not a mama's boy.
I'm delighted to do favors for my friends.
Well, you have to trust in your organization.
I think we'll be lucky with this one.
Dreaming it, I moaned suddenly in my sleep.
Remember the year we lived at the cove?
He is capable and willing to make decisions.
They say bears do strange things to people.
We the jury find the defendant not guilty.
The defendant is either guilty or not guilty.
You can't expect to make too much money.
Enjoy the fair weather while in the tropics.
The money saved isn't worth the extra time.
Put them in a coat or jacket pocket.
Both ways have their advantages and proper uses.
You won't have to hunt through a handbag.
There is no fee to visit the nursery.
Leave the rest on the table for later.
There are two methods for soaking dried beans.
For casual walking, you need no special equipment.
Their output was mostly in the second half.
Cuttings can be planted for flowers next fall.
It can be frozen up to two months.
The boxer threw a quick punch at him.
Don't let me know how you do it.
This year brings a change in the routine.
A low price will sell a house quickly.
A full moon rose between two eastern peaks.
Being close to people is important to me.
Fill the pan about half full of gravel.
Many of the best places are privately owned.
You can easily make discoveries of your own.
None of the stops is in a city.
I told her I only had nine minutes.
From politics, the emphasis shifted to economic affairs.
The joy of living is a powerful force.
She was too short to see over the fence.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
The day always looks brighter from behind a smile.
When anger use your energy to do something productive.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
In order to win, you must expect to win.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
We need to rent a room for our party.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
Study the past, if you would divine the future.
If you cannot be silent be brilliant and thoughtful.
They can do all because they think they can.
The more you care, the stronger you can be.
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
Always be smarter than the people who hire you.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
The time you think you're missing, misses you too.
Nobody can do everything, but everybody can do something.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
What we see is mainly what we look for.
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.
There's a message for you if you look up.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
What you see depends on what you're looking for.
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
It took him a month to finish the meal.
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
A man's dreams are an index to his greatness.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
The day is already blessed, find peace within it.
To see things in the seed, that is genius.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough theyre yours.
Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
You can't choose up sides on a round world.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
The years teach much which the days never know.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Complaining doesn't change a thing only taking action does.
We must become the change we want to see.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility.
Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
Action will remove the doubts that theory cannot solve.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
Fate is in your hands and no one elses
Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Society develops wit, but its contemplation alone forms genius.
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.
To succeed, we must first believe that we can.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
You can do it if you believe you can!
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
I think and that is all that I am.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
I've been through too much to give in now.
Distinguished law firms have volunteered to provide legal assistance.
The complaint came in at two in the afternoon.
Someday I hope people will write about my tennis.
I'm either second or third, depending on your judgment.
Try to avoid moving in midsummer or on weekends.
It doesn't have to happen that way, of course.
Afterwards, his view hinted at a more mature attitude.
For all practical purposes, any change is now dead.
You have a clear view almost all winter long.
I worked at it, regardless of what anyone thought.
Your house tells very much about how you live.
I never worried about being in someone else's way.
After you have lost five pounds, buy a scarf.
Later, my wife and I were talking about it.
It refuses to recognize the claims of other countries.
The new kitchen shelves were mounted to the wall.
We were all very lucky someone didn't get hurt.
I can easily learn to write in correct English.
In town one day, an angry woman accosted him.
How many children get the full amount as directed?
Eventually, of course, we all got used to it.
As much as anything else, it can be humor.
It cannot live in animals or elsewhere in nature.
No money changes hands, but both jobs get done.
They said that they intended to recover their losses.
The rudiments of these arguments need only be sketched.
For further details, go on to the next page.
I put some bread in the oven to toast.
Their dens are harder to find now, he says.
The installer of the pool refuses to fix it.
You must try to do whatever you do best.
I didn't think it would be any big job.
It is a picture that haunted us for months.
I hung up wondering what they were giggling about.
Can you hook up a stereo or mend clothes?
He laughed at the joke as much as anyone.
His chronic stage fright nearly lost him the part.
The king who rules this country must be strong.
One after another, they went up to reassure him.
That's not the word to describe it at all.
There are combinations of words that don't make sense.
Furthermore, the animals have moved steadily closer to cities.
Wherever the truth leads, we're going to pursue it.
The mother bear reared up on her hind legs.
Our last evening was the most beautiful of all.
I borrowed the house so I could surprise you.
They say this is where we are rapidly heading.
The club isn't even taking applications for active membership.
He is accused of being too rigid and moral.
The waiting list is seven to ten years long.
We've got to think ourselves out of this situation.
He said that he was too old to travel.
He dashed across the parking lot and disappeared inside.
We do not regard him as a financial wizard.
Why is yours the greatest choir in the world?
The ring of the telephone sliced through our sleep.
There is nothing in this world he cannot do.
Using too much soap can make one appear older.
Many disabled don't know that the program is available.
They really don't do the job on my drains.
I just cannot sit here and worry any more.
What can I do now, other than pardon him?
You have to feed yourself with information every day.
I prayed that this would be a normal landing.
He could never understand people who complained about age.
He tells his wife he knows this is so.
She has never met a man like me before.
I guess the man upstairs was kind to me.
I said I didn't think I could make it.
The police said the collision was not my fault.
Pride can be used to beat down simpler vices.
I don't know how I managed to get here.
They become limber and they move with greater strength.
Today they offer to help amateur gardeners as well.
My old approach was to offer her a cigarette.
He can't handle a rope tow with one arm.
I stopped trying to eat all my troubles away.
I had three tiny, screaming babies in my arms.
I didn't even know how much fuel it had.
They are important natural sources of vitamins and minerals.
There were going to be new mothers and fathers.
We cannot and need not back either side totally.
It gave her an excuse not to leave us.
We may have a hard time meeting the demand.
You will be looking much better in three days.
Practically everyone is guilty at one time or another.
I wanted to be seated before the others arrived.
There are two basic ways to fasten concrete securely.
They extract a lot of water from the ground.
There is a small additional charge for other attractions.
Every traveler has had experiences and adventures in taxicabs.
You're not supposed to be talking during the performance.
These are favorites, because they hold their shapes well.
There is often excellent bird watching in the area.
The first health revolution was the control of infection.
I can only describe that action as totally ridiculous.
I hope you have time and energy to spare.
You can rent a mower from many garden stores.
Traveling is so tiring, that eliminating stress is important.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
If a man does his best, what else is there?
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort.
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun.
You really can change the world if you care enough.
Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you.
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.
Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
Begin to weave and God will give you the thread.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
No man is free who is not master of himself.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
We make our own fortunes and we call them fate.
Life is what happens while you are making other plans.
If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.
The best thing in every noble dream is the dreamer...
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it.
Friendship isn't a big thing. It's a million little things.
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
Why worry about tomorrow, when today is all we have?
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
Loss is nothing else but change,and change is Natures delight.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Reality does not conform to the ideal, but confirms it.
Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
A thing well said will be wit in all languages.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
You are special, you are unique, you are the best!
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
A weed is no more than a flower in disguise.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
Don't wait for people to be friendly. Show them how.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
Silence is deep as Eternity, Speech is shallow as Time.
Don't let today's disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow's dreams.
We choose our destiny in the way we treat others.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
Success is determined by those whom prove the impossible, possible.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
Moments of complete apathy are the best for new creations.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
The greatest obstacle to connecting with our joy is resentment.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
We are all something, but none of us are everything.
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.
Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser.
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
Most overweight people need to learn to be more assertive.
Most weeds can now be put on the compost pile.
There are effective ways to conserve both energy and water.
They are some of the best vegetable protein foods known.
At certain times, I like being strong for someone else.
Spending time with the family is really my favorite activity.
I had all the usual tests, and everything was fine.
The park has separate areas for cars and recreational vehicles.
Agriculture did not necessarily tie men to sedentary village life.
The contract provided an immediate raise in the hourly rate.
They were lined with rabbit fur to protect tender feet.
Male and female stay together until one of them dies.
A third officer finished the report before the last deadline.
I looked for a roommate to help with the bills.
I have no reason to believe he is a candidate.
Giving away tickets to women attracted them to the games.
You can assemble it up to a day before serving.
Fresh snow has fallen, and the ski tow is operating.
What else can we trade for the things we need?
Almost any day of the year is good for hiking.
Most of their friends were gone, so they moved out.
Perhaps his music might succeed where his words could not.
The thought of a public concert always makes me nervous.
The firm employs a battery of tests to measure motivation.
Why would such a man be fired from his job?
Our doctor set the fracture and put on a cast.
A patient seriously hurt his ankle in a motorcycle accident.
Just as often, it's the businessman who is considered right.
You simply present your case as clearly as you can.
It was fun, once we got up to the house.
What the badger gains from the partnership is not clear.
He has already received many new requests for the list.
The journeys we took were long, and some very strenuous.
So far, only a handful of wells have been drilled.
I agree that a healthy stock market is everyone's concern.
You can't store sleep or catch up on it, either.
This enabled modern astronomers to date the incidents quite accurately.
I began to grope among the clothes in our closet.
When business slows down considerably, it can cause widespread unemployment.
I have to hide it, because I have young children.
They offered him a private railroad car for the trip.
Things obviously were less tense there than she had pictured.
He was having a hard time keeping above the water.
That's important, especially with the reduced speeds and shorter trips.
Pride or fear prevents many from approaching a public agency.
Nobody seemed to think I had such a terrible problem.
Important men in the party asked him not to go.
Nothing is ever dry in the suffocating heat and humidity.
He will work at it as no man has before.
He is a wonderful person and a very good teacher.
You may also recognize the things that are not practical.
We wondered what sort of life he was now living.
We were happier when he worked downstairs in the garage.
Many parents said they stopped medication when the earache disappeared.
My, that's a big word for such a little child.
The first step is to realize that one is proud.
As societies become wealthier, their consumption of animal products increases.
It takes too much time, and time is running out.
If he compromises, he is accused of being too weak.
My sister has a unique way of getting things done.
Aptitude tests indicated that he would do well in accounting.
One of these days, I'm going to take a vacation.
We were working with that thing for over two weeks.
Most studies of animal behavior do not support this view.
The noise in the rear axle grew louder and louder.
You have walked all this distance just to see me?
I typed the letter and put it on his desk.
Hundreds of tools and inventions are now on the market.
I would cause a terrible hassle in the locker room.
After I hit the ball, I dashed to first base.
You are seated in front of a green plastic keyboard.
They exchanged gifts at the front door of the residence.
Would it be asking too much to print this today?
Few people can say no to that kind of invitation.
Accordingly, when it is gone, it is gone for good.
I turned quickly on my heel and headed for home.
This time I just sat there and punched the pillow.
The patient managed to fall and break his ankle again.
However, just as in court, the decision is legally binding.
The cave was empty of men for days on end.
The agency said the theme of the play is acceptable.
The sense of accomplishment from each step kept me going.
Needlessly hurting someone's pride is as unprofessional as throwing clubs.
They almost had to lift me out of the car.
No longer needed, the city children's center was closed down.
He was in no way prepared for what might happen.
This is a trend we simply cannot allow to continue.
The hotel is owned by a young brother and sister.
The gamble was costing her dearly in peace of mind.
He was attempting to capture his second consecutive tennis championship.
It is wise to consider this right from the start.
It was the start of a close and enduring friendship.
He's in a position where he's got to keep improving.
I had to stop before I hit the soft sand.
Gold is heavier than anything else in a stream bed.
Many myths of ancient times still exist to this day.
It is a safe and effective drug, when properly used.
Property owners in the area recently submitted an alternative plan.
Neither players nor researchers could distinguish any difference in performance.
I'm still not sure how I feel about my work.
If you come to a fork in the road, take it.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
Someone remembers, someone cares; your name is whispered in someone's prayers.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter.
All seasons are beautiful for the person who carries happiness within.
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
Who we are never changes. Who we think we are does.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it.
An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts.
Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close.
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile.
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error.
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot.
No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
There are no failures just experiences and your reactions to them.
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.
You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
The world does not happen to you it happens from you.
Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
Chaos is inherent in all compounded things. Strive on with diligence.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
As our case is new, we must think and act anew.
Respect should be earned by actions, and not acquired by years.
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
Be the change that you want to see in the world.
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
Take heed: you do not find what you do not seek.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
A man is not where he lives but where he loves.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
In all things of nature there is something of the marvellous.
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched.
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
Remembering a wrong is like carrying a burden on the mind.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
I believe in one thing only, the power of human will.
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated?
The day you decide to do it is your lucky day.
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
To change ones life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
Keeping the herds separate required electrical shock, chemicals, and special fences.
He seems to hit higher on each of his great rounds.
His success is the kind we all have to shoot for.
You are not really supposed to look at it like that.
By the end of the year, the inflation rate had spiraled.
Each time you walk along our beach, you discover something new.
The basic requirement is a stimulating activity that draws them closer.
Every time we'd disagree, I'd go in the kitchen and sulk.
The men went off hunting, and the dogs went with them.
We've always wondered how much money was left on the table.
This can be the cheapest way to ship them long distance.
In an area uncrowded by other peaks, it seems even higher.
They work together to help to provide for the disabled children.
They bring it in on freighters and airliners, and in cars.
There was a discussion as to what to call the brochure.
I submitted my picture and resume to a couple of agents.
He talked me and a few others into joining his group.
Finding someone willing to trade with you takes a little courage.
He was the greatest ruler of men the workers had seen.
The crew passed out large envelopes of coloring books and toys.
Action had to be taken, and he had to take it.
There were even some halfhearted offers to help with the dishes.
There are many dozens of worthwhile places to break the trip.
The nurses and the hospital administration acted admirably during the incident.
Water a bit over the summer if it is especially dry.
Learn to admit your anger and to search for constructive solutions.
It struck us that they were really being demeaning to them.
You're allowed to take an extra day to return the trailer.
A railroad has to go somewhere in order to make money.
He told me it was bits and pieces of many characters.
In some cities, every driver posts a card with his identification.
You may camp in both canyons, but there are no facilities.
The facility is open to the public, and you may visit.
Some of the new farm guides are full of shopping discoveries.
People see him as a spoiled brat in a gentlemen's sport.
Empty the trapped particles into your pan to recover the gold.
The guide at the lodge has a supply of trail markers.
The ice cream you wanted for a midnight snack has vanished.
The expansion should be paid for out of general fund money.
We will get to know these players as we go along.
We must act quickly to save what remains of this resource.
Some aspects of it are very interesting, but others are not.
If you overlook it, you don't look at it at all.
The ideal city is a place of crowds, not of highways.
I maintain that it's the toughest job in the post office.
Some of us give assurance, while others do quite the contrary.
He lived there many years longer than he lived anywhere else.
My mother nursed me in the wings and in dressing rooms.
Sometimes, I fear it is no more than a historian's dream.
You need something very sharp to get through all of that.
There was a sort of exuberance in our relationship that autumn.
He is fiercely independent, headstrong, and a hard man to contain.
There are plenty of advantages to having an apartment to myself.
You know perfectly well, I would have been bored to death.
Like others, I'm doing my very best with what I've got.
He rewarded the ape with peanuts and oranges for its work.
Wordlessly, I clutched hundreds of little bodies and held them tight.
For your work, you will earn a great deal of money.
Then, perhaps, we would be able to combine safety with reason.
The driver went a short distance and made an unscheduled stop.
Only the ancient artifacts of a proud and mighty people remained.
Thus, the request to his wife was not simply a gesture.
The disaster was only prevented because we had received advanced warning.
The patient became nervous while he waited for the doctor's arrival.
When a man died, he was said to have gone west.
I tried to put my personality over as strongly as possible.
Following routine tests, I was put peacefully to sleep for surgery.
I was under the impression that the ticket included some entertainment.
One night we had quite a disagreement, which was left unresolved.
I miss having you with me when I'm clearing the table.
As a consequence, two dangerous attitudes are developing here at home.
He bought a larger house, because his wife had become pregnant.
I haven't got the time to go on listening to tapes.
Sure, this transistor is cheaper, but will it do the job?
In that certainty lies a great peace and a great joy.
We saw a mother bear leading her cubs up the hill.
Although I tried, I couldn't find the trouble in my motor.
Babies were being held by older children or by the escorts.
English has a rule that says two negatives make a positive.
I have three other classes that meet four times a week.
As the day flicked by, he asked a thousand crucial questions.
We don't have to worry about money as we used to.
Nothing, or almost nothing, turned out to have been entirely true.
The trainees collected payment, then delivered the tickets to the customers.
Whatever the reasons, the day of the old car is here.
You must realize that you were young a long time ago.
Fortunately for the world, the hand healed in a few months.
What a fine person I must be to have done it.
Once this has been done, how do you change your motivation?
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Rather than wishing for change, you first must be prepared to change.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
Happiness mainly comes from our own attitude, rather than from external factors.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
Better than a thousand hollow words is one word that brings peace.
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
It can't be spring if your heart is filled with past failures.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
Every man is a volume if you know how to read him.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
As we risk ourselves, we grow. Each new experience is a risk.
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception.
No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block.
Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare.
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.
Saying thank you is more than good manners. It is good spirituality.
The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
The most decisive actions of our life... are most often unconsidered actions.
Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought.
Spring is a time for rebirth and the fulfilment of new life.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
You don't drown by falling in water. You drown by staying there.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
Learn to listen. Opportunity could be knocking at your door very softly.
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
Just as much as we see in others we have in ourselves.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
It is impossible to feel grateful and depressed in the same moment.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
Everything is perfect in the universe even your desire to improve it.
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
Every human being is the author of his own health or disease.
A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work.
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremest pleasure in life.
Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.
Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
Experience can only be gained by doing not by thinking or dreaming.
You are the only person on Earth who can use your ability.
We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose.
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
I thought it was going to hit the side of our building.
Everyone was hungry, even the women and children crouching by the fire.
For years, a friend of mine has been trying to quit smoking.
It makes prospecting more effective and also lowers the cost of drilling.
There was solid evidence that our quarry was right under our noses.
You will have to dig into your wallet as deeply as I.
I consider it the happiest, most normal, human way of doing things.
I hadn't even thought of the matter until a few miles back.
He felt that his first responsibility was to the welfare of mankind.
Where is the wilderness that was to be preserved for all generations?
The ability lies not in the tool itself, but in the user.
In any case, it is a little late to stop the revolution.
A cat raised by other cats will be forever fearful of people.
According to the rules, you shouldn't end a sentence with a preposition.
Naturally, these new nations varied in terms of size, population, and resources.
Desperate, I began to bang on the exit door with both fists.
While the book was opened for them, it gave no important details.
Go get a court order if you want to see the books.
I have a favorite aunt who is totally deaf and lives alone.
I think that must be the hardest kind of teaching to do.
If the doorman does nothing for you, he doesn't deserve a tip.
I ask people to be as careful as they are at home.
We want to make sure we play like that from the start.
After what seemed like hours of waiting, the taxi finally showed up.
Those things are only as good as the people who use them.
The strangest of all the employee's relationships is that with the manager.
The only real insurance against failure is the elimination of all risk.
How did such an unlikely pair ever meet in the first place?
Our conversation was the beginning of a close friendship that endures today.
Most people find that each passing year leaves skin a little drier.
I have seen him modify his own opinions often, because he listens.
Of all the snacks children love, one is now a natural cereal.
Not being fond of writing themes, I came up with an idea.
He has made me feel that I am no different from before.
At the sight of her owner, she bounds joyfully about her pen.
I can't ever repay the church for the faith it's given me.
I worked hard to make sure no one discovered something was wrong.
I was worried about what I was going to say to him.
It was raining when we went up there, and that was fun.
If they are having a difficult time, he does not feel neglected.
Success can begin in your early twenties, especially if you are ambitious.
I thought we were all going to start sliding at any minute.
I studied the photographs, read the books, and went to the zoos.
I watched my uncle and his hired hand put up a fence.
I found in it the inspiration and the stimulation to keep trying.
One day, a prominent sign was missing from the banker's front window.
It still has to be taken to where it can be used.
Such plans are always detailed, and often heavily promoted, in airline ads.
I figured it worth a try, since I wouldn't have another chance.
I love art in many forms, and these cars are moving art.
I'm sorry, but I cannot grant your request to change your grade.
Although he loved the whole human race, children were his special favorites.
The baby was fed, dressed, and put to sleep in his crib.
A minister told his congregation that there are seven hundred different sins.
If something is truly priceless, it can't be included in the formula.
There is a possibility the case will become a class action suit.
A small map on the opposite page shows where the tree grows.
Flowers in the shade demand less water than those in the sun.
The new toaster was so shiny you could see yourself in it.
In most states, some rivers are off limits to dredging all year.
The walk was partly through forests of chestnut trees in full crop.
It stays in place until the plants are pulled in the fall.
I have abandoned the notion that some people are better than others.
They're asking more questions and doctors, for the most part, are answering.
There are no judges to intimidate you, or lawyers making obscure points.
All that's required is hard work and the will to do it.
He was lying on the couch, one wrist limp against his forehead.
Before I answer you, don't you want your husband to join us?
He will regard his wife and family as full partners and friends.
Is it your belief that each one was diminished by the others?
To the east and north, you can look into three other countries.
The best way to describe the work is to say it's unpredictable.
This great crowd of supporters is surely the best in the world.
They bring their children in on many decisions that affect family life.
When drilled, the well provided all the water the town could use.
He reached in with his hook and clamped it over the grill.
The average person can usually estimate reasonably well what is really possible.
About that time, two young men were painting my neighbor's old house.
He seeks constantly to improve his product and maintain high quality standards.
You and your family will share experiences that will last a lifetime.
There is a place to buy food when you're hungry or thirsty.
I would look closely at the Earth's horizon and see the atmosphere.
When her son graduated from college with honors, she beamed with pride.
Everyone wonders what causes most of the ugly behavior in the world.
He doesn't think the film will damage the image of professional players.
You can do practically anything, and the family will back you up.
The dog began to run around the wagon in a wide circle.
After candles were lit, she served the gourmet meal she had prepared.
Consider all that he must do to stay at the prescribed weight.
They walked alone behind the flower garden with their heads hanging contritely.
For all of my long, hard years, I had been vibrantly healthy.
Overall, the mail has become more erratic and, on the average, slower.
In any case, it is a little late to stop the revolution.
You mean there is an opening in the front of the school?
Did you notice how much faster the work went after the baptism?
He leaped after them, but still couldn't quite get there in time.
It is much too civil to be considered as politics of revenge.
You can paddle around in the swimming pool to your heart's content.
From that point on, several men would remember nothing of the crash.
Even if they fail, there are other ways it can be stopped.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
Wicked people are always surprised to find ability in those that are good.
Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be.
Prosperity depends more on wanting what you have than having what you want.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
Be gentle first with yourself if you wish to be gentle with others.
Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all.
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth.
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed.
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
You can't trust without risk but neither can you live in a cocoon.
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
Slow down and everything you are chasing will come around and catch you.
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little.
The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment.
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.
Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love.
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car
Make the most of yourself for that is all there is of you.
Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things.
I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, In every rill a sweet instruction flows.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances.
Listen to your intuition. It will tell you everything you need to know.
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests.
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength.
Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence is the key to unlocking our potential.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
Practice yourself, for heavens sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
I don't believe in failure. It's not failure if you enjoyed the process.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.
He who has health has hope, and he who has hope has everything.
We learn what we have said from those who listen to our speaking.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
Our greatest glory is not in never failing but rising everytime we fall.
Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process.
The one who always loses, is the only person who gets the reward.
By believing passionately in something that does not yet exist, we create it.
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.
All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
Some people think it's holding that makes one strong sometimes it's letting go.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
We cannot hold a torch to light another's path without brightening our own.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
The truth is always exciting. Speak it, then. Life is dull without it.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
A man of ability and the desire to accomplish something can do anything.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world.
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.
For half the human race, it is as necessary as air or water.
Members range from students and grandmothers to star athletes, lawyers, businessmen, and mayors.
He can't afford to slip even a little bit, or I'll overtake him.
He would come out of his studio at the end of a day.
When a full second is over, an addressing machine snatches the letter away.
On several occasions, he was produced in court to testify for the government.
Of all qualities in human character, which do you consider the most admirable?
We sat tight for a while longer, but the bears did not reappear.
Next evening, we were back to take our places against the fallen tree.
There was no history of the disease on either side of my family.
She started finding fault with everything I said and almost everything I did.
As long as one can admire and love, then one is young forever.
Why did we have to go through all that to break up now?
Two years ago, he heard encouraging news about a couple of old friends.
It was our first sign of a grizzly in a week of searching.
You burned your fingers fishing out the toast when it didn't pop up.
The vain person wants praise too much and is always angling for it.
The painters were both new fathers and loved the samples I showed them.
Growers, for the most part, were united this time in resisting the demands.
He is just learning to accept what he thinks are faults in others.
All unfilled permanent positions at the university must be filled by qualified applicants.
They were sitting on a park bench with their chessboard and a timer.
Mark the spot where they are growing so you can find them later.
People are starting to realize that they can't afford all of the services.
It's the only thing I know that allows me not to grow up.
I don't want to miss anything, because I don't have anyone with me.
It is legal in most state and national forest lands and public lands.
You've probably been mad enough to yank the tree out by its roots.
There were many signs that they had a high degree of achievement motivation.
Her position is basically the same as it was a few weeks ago.
We were under a tremendous amount of pressure, but handled it very well.
Adoring fans reached out to touch the players, who sat atop open vehicles.
Finally, the dog cut across the circle and jumped back into the wagon.
With the sun overhead, a hat is all you need to shield yourself.
That is a choice we can avoid if we avoid the controls themselves.
I am reminded of many canoe trips I have taken in my lifetime.
Why is it that all the people in your portraits look so sad?
A woman signed a sales contract for construction of a new brick home.
It isn't long, however, before a visitor notices some deficiencies in the system.
He looks to the private sector for a change in the social order.
From the trickle, the flow of payments has increased to a mighty torrent.
He was not resigning, nor taking his fight to the people on television.
The worst part is that we suspect we might now enjoy their company.
It shows that you are not yet completely contented with what you have.
More than a foot of rain can fall in a day or two.
He told the jury to retire and come back with a lawful verdict.
It contained many of the qualities that we value in our own civilization.
Yet, when the flowers do come, the leaves fall and are not replaced.
They took out the lawn and then put in a large parking lot.
You value other people enough to want them to look straight at you.
I used to watch it all the time, but now I become bored.
Trucks haul supplies to the jungle and bring back logs and farm products.
Last night, we all went to a music festival they had across town.
The innate ability to find water has fascinated and puzzled mankind for centuries.
We talked of whether he should accept the office if it were offered.
All the people decided to go on a diet at the same time.
We have to take part in what is good, and do our best.
We had to go driving around for hours trying to get two quarters.
They were illiterate and sparsely scattered over the land, without towns or cities.
Indeed, no other athlete faces such enormous hazards with so little protective equipment.
This is not the only way to set up a productive community garden.
After a long marriage, the couple was on the verge of breaking up.
While making life livable for all of us, it makes money for nations.
He will share his life's work, his happiness, and his problems with them.
He agreed that the hard, flat spot was probably due to muscle strain.
Without its mother, a baby animal will soon grow thinner and waste away.
A report on travel movements, for example, can be verified by hotel records.
Over a year or two, the whole grove bursts into small white flowers.
The little child with the troubled eyes went on the list as well.
He keeps private those which are personal matters between him and his wife.
She could not accept the fact, and refused to do anything about it.
Deep inside, I suspect that I refused to think of you as grown.
He is now mature enough to help out in any way he can.
A clerk reads the zip code and punches three numbers on his keyboard.
The middle class worries about buying, for fear they will lose their savings.
They have a lively freedom about them that should be part of adolescence.
Somehow, I doubt that he will win, because golf is such a challenge.
He couldn't go back to his trade, and he had no other skills.
Sir, when my form is filled out, what do I do with it?
More than five thousand of these boys and girls garden on school property.
For one moment, it seemed as though the mother bear might charge again.
What makes a pretty girl spread misery wherever she goes by collecting admirers?
I never asked for more in this life than a patch of grass.
There is plenty of evidence from new studies of behavior that this works.
A person is more likely to think about job changes when he's unhappy.
A large red welt was appearing on the left side of his face.
I was recovering from a hip injury and could not climb a ladder.
When a playwright starts writing propaganda, he ceases to be a true artist.
You value other people enough to want them to care about your life.
I kissed him, and we watched him walk slowly across the hotel lobby.
After you've finished answering all the questions, please mail the card to us.
If you count the fun I've had, I'm well ahead of my goals.
No matter what profession you go into, a strong general background is helpful.
It shows you what to do if you ever want to get one.
In this school, I still think it is an even more difficult task.
The basic requirement is an activity that draws them closer to each other.
We can only guess why people endured such exhausting toil day after day.
In less than an hour, the doctors completed the surgery on the boy.
Telephone operators take messages, but never give the room number of the patrons.
You can choose almost any kind of route you want to get there.
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Our ability to achieve happiness and success depends on the strength of our wings.
Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
As we grow as unique persons, we learn to respect the uniqueness of others.
Give thanks for the rain of life that propels us to reach new horizons.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and realize that prisoner was you.
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.
If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said.
Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others.
Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be.
Go to your bosom: Knock there, and ask your heart what it doth know.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
Yeah we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.
We are all inclined to judge ourselves by our ideals; others, by their acts.
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Count your joys instead of your woes. Count your friends instead of your foes.
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.
The odds of hitting your target go up dramatically when you aim at it.
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them.
Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose.
It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them.
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.
Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Beware of the half truth. You may have gotten hold of the wrong half.
In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.
In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
Don't let what you can't do stop you from doing what you can do.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process.
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Don't frown because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
Your outlook on life is a direct reflection on how much you like yourself.
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.
Your ability to learn faster than your competition is your only sustainable competitive advantage.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
Passion creates the desire for more and action fuelled by passion creates a future.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer, and practice it.
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
The most important point is to accept yourself and stand on your two feet.
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
Do not expect the world to look bright, if you habitually wear gray-brown glasses.
Never be afraid to try, remember... Amateurs built the ark, Professionals built the Titanic.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Winners have simply formed the habit of doing things losers don't like to do.
Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it.
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination.
To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
The worst bankrupt in the world is the person who has lost his enthusiasm.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
Through science, foods such as breakfast cereals have a shelf life of one year.
I know two women who learned to fly, and have since become licensed pilots.
You will probably win first prize if you consent to be in my class.
These ships have far fewer safety features than have been customary in large ships.
One can't think of anything that isn't, under some circumstances, able to cause harm.
I dropped my trays and grabbed her just as she was about to fall.
I mean, we all know about each other, and there are no surprises anymore.
The way it was set up, there was no fixed line to toss from.
Just beyond the border of awareness, most of us are constantly talking to ourselves.
If you have a complaint, first ask the merchant to take care of it.
Their brakes are much more reliable and their cooling systems require much less maintenance.
The idea of the magic wand may well have begun with the divining rod.
Why, these are the same questions that you asked when I was a student.
Returning later, he found that the trap had been carefully dug up and sprung.
He knows there is a pack of wolves in the timber across the valley.
When he smiles at you, it almost makes you wish he was your grandfather.
Usually, the latter is a retired judge, whose fee is shared by both parties.
We got to talking, and I mentioned that I do candid photography of children.
Every year, more and more visitors camp in remote areas where the game roams.
I don't blow money on horses, or buy my wife diamonds and fur coats.
I had put on thirty pounds in six months, and that didn't help matters.
For once, let us attack the causes of our problems and not the results.
The sun never reaches the ground through the overhead canopy of trees and vines.
Selling the parts for more than the car had cost him, launched his career.
The rich, who could support and uplift a dwindling market, take their money elsewhere.
If this doesn't work, he should be mature enough to get good professional help.
Now, I go into the children's section to make sure that I'm fully informed.
I like my work, and I'm earning twice what I made before the accident.
Unless the young people really believe in our institutions, the system will not work.
It is unrealistic to expect any human personality to remain frozen for two decades.
There must be many reasons for seeking to understand what has been going on.
No one will ever play what you could consider a perfect game of golf.
Each culture developed in a manner dictated by its own needs, sources, and ingenuity.
You'd better enjoy it, because you may never get another chance to see one.
Only a few friends of the three refused to take part in the benefit.
The children were now daring each other to feats of wild speed and recklessness.
Well, I'd like to know what it is that has three legs and flies.
We must inject human judgment into a formula that now accepts only dollar signs.
Merely defining the risks is not enough for a jockey to keep his job.
If the weather's nice, we'll pack a lunch and spend the day enjoying ourselves.
When a business grows, it's partners become more and more lovable to each other.
There were still a couple of seconds to spare before I had to fire.
Too often, we engage in empty conversations, or sit staring vacantly at television programs.
We lived in a little apartment over the garage where he had his shop.
Fog continued to move in as temperatures began to drop rapidly in the area.
It is this kind of relationship that lets children grow up to be lovable.
We only had half the number of performers that were supposed to be there.
Their reward is a percentage of the oil they bring out of the ground.
I was happy to come up with a good grade out of that class.
Some individuals have actually been able to control their heart rate and blood pressure.
They made five approaches, but the air proved too bumpy to try a landing.
Expert car trackers are able to turn up a fair amount of untouched stock.
Someone told me there is a program that trains dogs to aid deaf people.
If they burn the candle at both ends, the wick won't last very long.
We tell where to get a copy, and mention any unusual farm products sold.
In the course of two weeks, they climbed six mountains and walked down five.
Labor costs account for only a small portion of what consumers pay for fruit.
This is a victory more for the workers than it is for the employers.
The low water level may actually lengthen the season and provide more white water.
Buying from the farmer also gives you access to produce that doesn't travel well.
You're an intelligent person, and a lot of your objections to marriage make sense.
Enlightened coaches encourage players to bring their mates along with them on athletic trips.
When the jury retired to consider the verdict, they were out only five minutes.
Our first practices this week were not as good as they should have been.
An aggressive person is more inclined to call room service than a passive one.
The portrait of me you painted looks more like me with each passing year.
The point is simply that each person's pride is in competition with everyone else's.
I like it, and I like the independence and courage it has given me.
Most of the disabled who are eligible for aid are not receiving enough help.
This may be all right for math, but it's a little unrealistic in practice.
It is their large appetite for lamb that constantly keeps him in hot water.
Teach the subject how to score higher on the tests that measure his imagination.
She hung a metal pie plate and a large metal spoon at the door.
If it's a sunny day, we'll soon meet in the backyard around the pool.
In total silence, it was passed back to him from one row to another.
Just as you outgrew making mud pies, you have outgrown wearing those old clothes.
His number was entered on the doctor's growing list of those with special needs.
We the jury find the defendant not guilty, provided that he returns the money.
Yet, this conversion of animal feed into food for humans is far from efficient.
Just looking at a chicken, you'd never guess it led such a complicated life.
That house need not be demolished, as it can be lovingly restored and revitalized.
We waited silent, leaning against a fallen tree about fifty feet from the deer.
Unlike many of us, he is not afraid to admit that he is wrong.
The numbers go into a computer, and a package flops onto a moving tray.
Little children came up the ramp, most of them crying and trying to leave.
He is more interested in mutual closeness, pleasure, and happiness than in personal pride.
The staff tries to visit each home gardener during the summer to offer advice.
He can differ radically with a man, yet still respect and admire him personally.
If I see people around me succeeding, it will stimulate my desire to succeed.
It may fail completely if only one little thing goes wrong in the process.
Some people did not particularly like the way it was handled in this situation.
It needs a set of tires and a license before you can drive it.
It explains what to do there, and when to visit for the best weather.
We're fortunate that there are still people like them around to do the job.
There are things to do besides fishing when you go camping in that area.
Fresh foods will be for sale at farmer's roadside stands throughout the coming months.
We must treat him exactly as if he were a member of our family.
Why not walk part of the way down the mountain to the lookout point?
They are just now beginning to learn how to serve the ball with power.
Almost daily, the three were threatened with adverse weather conditions at the mountain cabin.
Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
Never deny a diagnosis, but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day to day basis.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is natures way.
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
Don't focus on making the right decision, focus on making the decision the right one.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress.
The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher.
Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith.
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought.
It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not.
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
Don't miss all the beautiful colors of the rainbow looking for that pot of gold.
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.
I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak but their echoes are truly endless.
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses.
In three words I can sum up everything Ive learned about life: it goes on.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men.
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
Love is not blind; it simply enables one to see things others fail to see.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
Fear grows in darkness; if you think theres a bogeyman around, turn on the light.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
Each time we face a fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
Be thankful when you don't know something for it gives you the opportunity to learn.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous.
So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the paren't of all the others.
A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
I was going to go there, but everyone told me it rained all the time.
I have some friends that are up there now, and they like it pretty well.
Tests resulted in the removal of many foods from the diets of millions of diabetics.
Too many people die of heart attacks because they do not get treatment in time.
It was the first step aimed at winning wages comparable to those paid other workers.
When the feeling came back, they asked if I wanted to walk off the field.
Sometimes in rehearsal, everyone would talk a lot about making a change in the script.
He takes nothing for granted and knows that tender words and gestures are keenly appreciated.
I figured on saying how much I respected him, but I didn't have a chance.
I heard they had to escort one of the entertainers off the stage last night.
It ran north and south, so that the sun made a complete arc over it.
It was the exact same feeling you get when your knee gives out on you.
The city could reduce other taxes so there would be no increase for city residents.
I've made the decision not to prosecute, and I'm going to live with that decision.
He volunteered the information that the same thing had happened before at the same place.
A little child came home from playing ball with a disgusted look on his face.
He told the crowd he'd never seen anything like the celebration in his entire career.
Not only had costs gone down, but what do you suppose had happened to benefits?
No one had to tell what organized labor could do for working men and women.
Trays of baby bottles were passed out to the older children to feed the infants.
These figures mean that it is futile to hope that postal rates have stopped rising.
With murmured prayers and pounding hearts, the onlookers agonized through every move in the mission.
Until recently, there had been little scientific effort to unearth the facts about their habits.
At one point, the mother disappeared over the crest and was gone for several minutes.
The discount had been a part of the team's promotion for more than ten years.
She wanted to be released from the contract, but the seller held her to it.
We can't get an agreement with them if they have something and we have nothing.
They're acting out patterns of behavior that they were afraid to try in real life.
He was so good at it that I urged him to have his recipes printed.
I untangled it, pulled him back into the boat, and got back to the dock.
The day was so beautiful that I called my parents and invited them to go.
I found the course more interesting than the other classes I have taken so far.
In the emergency room, patients often wait for hours until a doctor can see them.
I am a sculptor and have been commissioned to do a grizzly bear in stone.
We had the chance, and we felt it would be sinful not to take it.
Yet, it is so different from other flowers that it needs its own special terms.
Successful community gardens start when somebody has a good idea and follows through on it.
With nothing to do but wait for the meeting, I let the quietness take over.
I'd have to hesitate before I bet much money on chances of changing modern organizations.
An everyday diet that includes animal and vegetable protein will supply all your body needs.
Above all, when she receives a compliment from friends or family, she jots it down.
They will routinely refund the full amount paid for any ticket that hasn't been used.
For in this condition, the object of desire is always at its most flawlessly perfect.
At this moment, we have complete freedom to begin industrial use of the high seas.
A bit on the shaggy side, the dog had pointed ears and a bushy tail.
The whole planet burst like a rainbow, and the only word for it was glory.
They proceeded past the large group to the house and forced their way into it.
Take a boat into all those weeds and you're taking your life in your hands.
In order to win, we must put more points on the board than we have.
The meeting was not to put out our problems, but more to encourage one another.
Slowly he came to realize that he alone could not sway governments with his protests.
What good is a product if it isn't available to everyone at a reasonable price?
When the time came, the man walked down the aisle and knelt at the altar.
Moreover, it rarely takes more than a few months for a hearing to be convened.
Certainly, consumers have the right to complain and send things back when they aren't right.
If he and his wife are having difficulties, he will talk them out with her.
We are still surrounded by mysteries here on Earth which at present cannot be explained.
The loveable person is straightforward about what they think and able to cope with problems.
Give your friend a bunch of brightly colored balloons tied with a big, red bow.
You can wrap up the cookies or serve them at the end of a meal.
For a child, buy a cheap ceramic piggy bank and fill it with bright pennies.
For a different sort of tree, hang up colorful rolled up socks instead of ornaments.
That will give us a head start for the final session, which begins next month.
As a renter, you pay a big chunk of your monthly rent for property taxes.
They will not have to report the money they collect for property taxes as income.
If you read the fine print, you'll find that most brands must be defrosted first.
It may seem that there are a number of steps in the processing of cheese.
There are thousands of cookbooks, but one general favorite book belongs on every cook's shelf.
A special meal cooked for friends is as loving a gift as anything you buy.
Wherever the metals touch, rub the edges with fine sandpaper until the metal is bright.
Remove the pan from the stove and slowly fill it with cold water to cool.
They are fine presents by themselves or great garnishes for the wrapping of other surprises.
Draw a design on paper and tape it to the opposite side of the glass.
The inn's large, comfortable rooms and good food make your visit to the island delightful.
The main reason crowds stay away is that the island's landscape is scrubby and dry.
The inn is an unusual retreat built into the ruins on a long, black beach.
The moon and wind turn the sugar cane fields into oceans of sparkling green waves.
The resort's beautiful gardens, good food, and swimming pool produce a bunch of happy guests.
You can have a sofa in your very own living room that has great style.
If you can find a fabric that makes you feel at home, stick with it.
He bought everything he needed to start drawing and painting, but then changed his mind.
Due to amnesia, several men would remember nothing of the crash from that point on.
Nobody knows exactly why or when the tragedy will occur without knowing the full circumstances.
We wanted to get out of there and see if we could find our car.
He said the investigators expressed their opinions in the report, without regard to any recrimination.
You can choose about any kind of route you want as long as it's safe.
If you own gear, almost any time of the year can be good for hiking.
The material should just cover the tops of the seeds for the best growing pattern.
It is wise to consider this right from the start to insure the best results.
Our readers warn against buying too much at the start because it may be wasted.
A good travel brochure explains what to do in a country and when to visit.
He was an innocent man, but he had no money to pay for legal expenses.
We're fortunate that there are still people like him around to develop good social programs.
If you are a renter, you are required to maintain the property in good condition.
If the barometer is correct, conditions should be good for the growing number of fishermen.
It took us about an hour of driving around before we found a parking space.
If you have a new television, you won't feel sorry for yourself because you're alone.
She should remain president because all the evidence shows that she is an able administrator.
He would rise up occasionally, but he kept lapsing back into a kind of sleep.
I want to be in charge of everything I do, answering to no one else.
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it.
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
A good teacher is like a candle it consumes itself to light the way for others.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
You have power over your mind not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
Neither genius, fame, nor love show the greatness of the soul. Only kindness can do that.
A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear.
It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn.
Weve got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true.
Many people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could.
In the long run we get no more than we have been willing to risk giving.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
The more light you allow within you, the brighter the world you live in will be.
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
True happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances.
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone elses.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.
Truth isn't all about what actually happens but more about how what has happened is interpreted.
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims.
One that desires to excel should endeavour in those things that are in themselves most excellent.
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.
To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
The steeper the mountain the harder the climb the better the view from the finishing line
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.
The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.
Good instincts usually tell you what to do long before your head has figured it out.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
To choose what is difficult all ones days, as if it were easy, that is faith.
We know from science that nothing in the universe exists as an isolated or independent entity.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyse you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind.
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future.
Fear of failure is one attitude that will keep you at the same point in your life.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction.
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value.
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are.
There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
My mama always said: life's like a box of chocolate you never know what you gonna get.
Give it all you've got because you never know if there's going to be a next time.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
If you propose to speak, always ask yourself, is it true, is it necessary, is it kind.
A single conversation across the table with a wise person is worth a months study of books.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable.
Life is not measured by the breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could.
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
You can't create in a vacuum. Life gives you the material and dreams can propel new beginnings.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
What you are is what you have been. What you will be is what you do now.
The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.
We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden.
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.
The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
The reason most goals are not achieved is that we spend our time doing second things first.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
Id rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
The Creator has not given you a longing to do that which you have no ability to do.
The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.
Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know.
A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home.
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it.
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do.Attitude determines how well you do it.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
Everyone is a genius at least once a year. A real genius has his original ideas closer together.
He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
Many people think of prosperity that concerns money only to forget that true prosperity is of the mind.
Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
The true way to render ourselves happy is to love our work and find in it our pleasure.
If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky.
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.
The greatest way to live with honour in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
We cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us.
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
Sadness may be part of life but there is no need to let it dominate your entire life.
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.
Those who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try nothing and succeed.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as ones own in the midst of abundance.
Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn.
Strength to carry on despite the odds means you have faith in your own abilities and know how.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
Peace of mind is not the absence of conflict from life, but the ability to cope with it.
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
Sometimes the cards we are dealt are not always fair. However you must keep smiling and moving on.
All our talents increase in the using, and the every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything hes got.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.
Patience is a virtue but you will never ever accomplish anything if you don't exercise action over patience.
With the realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
Your destiny isn't just fate; it is how you use your own developed abilities to get what you want.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us.
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
We see things not as they are, but as we are. Our perception is shaped by our previous experiences.
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
There is one thing you have got to learn about our movement. Three people are better than no people.
As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.
Everyone should carefully observe which way his heart draws him, and then choose that way with all his strength.
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept responsibility for changing them.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how ot do it, and Virtue is doing it.
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.
While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health.
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil.
One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.
You can be what you want to be. You have the power within and we will help you always.
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak. Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him.
Don't wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change.
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
If you're in a bad situation, don't worry it'll change. If you're in a good situation, don't worry it'll change.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be.
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.
Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
The cosmos is neither moral or immoral; only people are. He who would move the world must first move himself.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
Why worry about things you cannot control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you?
The only difference between your abilities and others is the ability to put yourself in their shoes and actually try.
You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
Look forward to spring as a time when you can start to see what nature has to offer once again.
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
To know your purpose is to live a life of direction, and in that direction is found peace and tranquillity.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
To give hope to someone occurs when you teach them how to use the tools to do it for themselves.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel.
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind.
By nature man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little do what you can.
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
Every sixty seconds you spend angry, upset or mad, is a full minute of happiness you will never get back.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
The aim of life is self-development. To realize ones nature perfectly that is what each of us is here for.
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because theyre not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough.
Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime, and too sleepy to worry at night.
Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that so it goes on flying anyway.
It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens.
Our deepest wishes are whispers of our authentic selves. We must learn to respect them. We must learn to listen.
I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
To be thoughtful and kind only takes a few seconds compared to the timeless hurt caused by one rude gesture.
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more
The greater part of human pain is unnecessary. It is self-created as long as the unobserved mind runs your life.
The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.
Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
I will not be concerned at other men is not knowing me;I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day.
An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you.
You get peace of mind not by thinking about it or imagining it, but by quietening and relaxing the restless mind.
There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become.
As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be.
Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them.
Happiness is a Swedish sunset it is there for all, but most of us look the other way and lose it.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement.
By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future.
If you seek truth you will not seek victory by dishonourable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
Live through feeling and you will live through love. For feeling is the language of the soul, and feeling is truth.
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of douts of my own.
If you take each challenge one step at a time, with faith in every footstep, your strength and understanding will increase.
If someone in your life talked to you the way you talk to yourself, you would have left them long ago.
Deep listening is miraculous for both listener and speaker.When someone receives us with open-hearted, non-judging, intensely interested listening, our spirits expand.
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You do not need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
One who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; one who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.
Transformation doesn't take place with a vacuum; instead, it occurs when we are indirectly and directly connected to all those around us.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary.
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose.
Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
You can adopt the attitude there is nothing you can do, or you can see the challenge as your call to action.
What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away.
The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till some one dash it from them.
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.
Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!
In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.
He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
The highest stage in moral ure at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more that pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.
Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the worlds problems.
Any of us can achieve virtue, if by virtue we merely mean the avoidance of the vices that do not attract us.
It is not the mistake that has the most power, instead, it is learning from the mistake to advance your own attributes.
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
You have to take it as it happens, but you should try to make it happen the way you want to take it.
A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
The thought manifests as the word. The word manifests as the deed. The deed develops into habit. And the habit hardens into character.
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.
It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others.
The secret of joy in work is contained in one word excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
Time is not a measure the length of a day or month or year but more a measure of what you have accomplished.
There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
The greatest antidote to insecurity and the sense of fear is compassion it brings one back to the basis of one's inner strength
Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
Courage is not about taking risks unknowingly, but putting your own being in front of challenges that others may not be able to.
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
You must train your intuition you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide.
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.
People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to.
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer, and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from not and make a brand new ending.
When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument. Everything is debatable. But when you stand for something, decisions are obvious.
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centred by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
It is surprising what a man can do when he has to, and how little most men will do when they don't have to.
However many holy words you read, However many you speak, What good will they do you If you do not act on upon them?
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.
The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.
The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth.
Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition.
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
It is never too late. Even if you are going to die tomorrow, keep yourself straight and clear and be a happy human being today.
If you want to study yourself look into the hearts of other people. If you want to study other people look into your own heart.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
I love my past. I love my present. I'm not ashamed of what Ive had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer.
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon, and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world.
Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts.
To give ones self earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom.
It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance.
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind.
If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all.
My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while its on your plate that's my philosophy.
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is colour-blind.
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.
If you let go a little, you will have a little peace. If you let go a lot, you will have a lot of peace.
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Learn wisdom from the ways of a seedling. A seedling which is never hardened off through stressful situations will never become a strong productive plant.
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
I cannot say whether things will get better if we change; what I can say is they must change if they are to get better.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while its on your plate, that's my philosophy.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one.
We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light.
I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.
The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
Into each life rain must fall but rain can be the giver of life and it is all in your attitude that makes rain produce sunshine.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble. Courage is the foundation of integrity.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
Respect is not something that you can ask for, buy or borrow. Respect is what you earn from each person no matter their background or status.
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
Love at first sight is easy to understand; its when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
Transformation does not start with some one else changing you; transformation is an inner self reworking of what you are now to what you will be.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
Adversity isn't set against you to fail; adversity is a way to build your character so that you can succeed over and over again through perseverance.
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society more briefly, to find your real job, and do it.
Bold is not the act of foolishness but the attribute and inner strength to act when others will not so as to move forward not backward.
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
Spirituality can be severed from both vicious sectarianism and thoughtless banalities. Spirituality, I have come to see, is nothing less than the thoughtful love of life.
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
Thats the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along.
Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever.
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
Meditation brings wisdom; lack of mediation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what hold you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom.
All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out.
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.
All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players.They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts.
The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief.
The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be.
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
There is a way that nature speaks, that land speaks. Most of the time we are simply not patient enough, quiet enough, to pay attention to the story.
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.
Never tell a young person that anything cannot be done. God may have been waiting centuries for someone ignorant enough of the impossible to do that very thing.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable man persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore, all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast you also miss the sense of where you are going and why.
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
Wishes can be your best avenue of getting what you want when you turn wishes into action. Action moves your wish to the forefront from thought to reality.
If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god.
I am glad that I paid so little attention to good advice; had I abided by it I might have been saved from some of my most valuable mistakes.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
The happy and efficient people in this world are those who accept trouble as a normal detail of human life and resolve to capitalize it when it comes along.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye.
A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one.
Here is one quality that one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it.
You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were.
Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others.
Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world any more. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavours to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.
One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that ones life has meaning, that one is needed in this world.
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.
Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe.
If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow.
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones weve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly.
Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in.
When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.
Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price well have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
I think you can have moderate success by copying something else, but if you really want to knock it out of the park, you have to do something different and take chances.
The most dangerous way to lose time is not to spend it having fun, but to spend it doing fake work. When you spend time having fun, you know you're being self-indulgent.
Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
