If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life.
You can do it if you believe you can!
Better than a thousand hollow words is one word that brings peace.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
The secret of joy in work is contained in one word excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that so it goes on flying anyway.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become.
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply!
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.
In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.
I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.
An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day.
Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
Society develops wit, but its contemplation alone forms genius.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
The years teach much which the days never know.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough theyre yours.
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future.
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home.
Peace of mind is not the absence of conflict from life, but the ability to cope with it.
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
A short saying oft contains much wisdom.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
Make the most of yourself for that is all there is of you.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
Fortune befriends the bold.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
Transformation doesn't take place with a vacuum; instead, it occurs when we are indirectly and directly connected to all those around us.
My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while its on your plate that's my philosophy.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.
Love at first sight is easy to understand; its when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.
Be gentle first with yourself if you wish to be gentle with others.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
We do what we do because we believe.
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and realize that prisoner was you.
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society more briefly, to find your real job, and do it.
You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
You are special, you are unique, you are the best!
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live.
I cannot say whether things will get better if we change; what I can say is they must change if they are to get better.
It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself.
Take heed: you do not find what you do not seek.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man.
Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster.
No man is free who is not master of himself.
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
The greater part of human pain is unnecessary. It is self-created as long as the unobserved mind runs your life.
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept responsibility for changing them.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
Whatever happens, take responsibility.
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough theyre yours.
Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
Nobody can do everything, but everybody can do something.
A glittering gem is not enough.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
The happy and efficient people in this world are those who accept trouble as a normal detail of human life and resolve to capitalize it when it comes along.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.
We choose our destiny in the way we treat others.
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.
Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
Always be smarter than the people who hire you.
Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow.
Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher.
Our strength grows out of our weaknesses.
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
The best way out is always through.
We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
Never tell a young person that anything cannot be done. God may have been waiting centuries for someone ignorant enough of the impossible to do that very thing.
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
Go to your bosom: Knock there, and ask your heart what it doth know.
Bold is not the act of foolishness but the attribute and inner strength to act when others will not so as to move forward not backward.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
All is flux; nothing stays still.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
On each full moon
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
Peace begins with a smile.
As we risk ourselves, we grow. Each new experience is a risk.
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
Don't miss all the beautiful colors of the rainbow looking for that pot of gold.
Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose.
Beware of the half truth. You may have gotten hold of the wrong half.
All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
Why worry about things you cannot control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you?
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, In every rill a sweet instruction flows.
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
Someone is special only if you tell them.
Our greatest glory is not in never failing but rising everytime we fall.
The day you decide to do it is your lucky day.
When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
Well begun is half done.
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in.
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
Spirituality can be severed from both vicious sectarianism and thoughtless banalities. Spirituality, I have come to see, is nothing less than the thoughtful love of life.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
You don't drown by falling in water. You drown by staying there.
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.
Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.
I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
Someone remembers, someone cares; your name is whispered in someone's prayers.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
Slow down and everything you are chasing will come around and catch you.
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer, and practice it.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply.
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you.
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home.
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
Love is not like pizza.
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how ot do it, and Virtue is doing it.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.
Chaos is inherent in all compounded things. Strive on with diligence.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer, and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
Someone is special only if you tell them.
When the solution is simple, God is answering.
However many holy words you read, However many you speak, What good will they do you If you do not act on upon them?
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
Society develops wit, but its contemplation alone forms genius.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
All is flux; nothing stays still.
Flying fish few by the space station.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
The worst bankrupt in the world is the person who has lost his enthusiasm.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him.
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims.
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
Time is the wisest counsellor of all.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
What we think, we become.
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
A prudent question is one half of wisdom.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
Go to your bosom: Knock there, and ask your heart what it doth know.
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
Fear grows in darkness; if you think theres a bogeyman around, turn on the light.
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
Worry gives a small thing a big shadow.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away.
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
Time is not a measure the length of a day or month or year but more a measure of what you have accomplished.
Id rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
You really can change the world if you care enough.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself.
Reality does not conform to the ideal, but confirms it.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.
Our greatest glory is not in never failing but rising everytime we fall.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
Moments of complete apathy are the best for new creations.
All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
The steeper the mountain the harder the climb the better the view from the finishing line
The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremest pleasure in life.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
You have power over your mind not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
The world is always in movement.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world.
To give hope to someone occurs when you teach them how to use the tools to do it for themselves.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!
We make our own fortunes and we call them fate.
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.
The time you think you're missing, misses you too.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
Much wisdom often goes with fewer words.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
Change your words. Change your world.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life.
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
Life is a progress, and not a station.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
Keep true to the dreams of thy youth.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
Love is not blind; it simply enables one to see things others fail to see.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime, and too sleepy to worry at night.
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
Your outlook on life is a direct reflection on how much you like yourself.
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely.
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.
Just as much as we see in others we have in ourselves.
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is natures way.
My reputation grows with every failure.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance.
No garden is without its weeds.
Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
Friendship isn't a big thing. It's a million little things.
In the long run we get no more than we have been willing to risk giving.
To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
Happiness is a Swedish sunset it is there for all, but most of us look the other way and lose it.
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in.
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of douts of my own.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from not and make a brand new ending.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open.
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
The thought manifests as the word. The word manifests as the deed. The deed develops into habit. And the habit hardens into character.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close.
Slow down and everything you are chasing will come around and catch you.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
Love is not like pizza.
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Here is one quality that one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it.
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
It is not the mistake that has the most power, instead, it is learning from the mistake to advance your own attributes.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.
There is one thing you have got to learn about our movement. Three people are better than no people.
Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
In that instant, everything changed.
Transformation does not start with some one else changing you; transformation is an inner self reworking of what you are now to what you will be.
Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them.
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.
I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being.
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose.
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
Hit me with your pet shark!
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyse you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
When you lose, don't lose the lesson.
If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
Begin to weave and God will give you the thread.
Don't ruin the present with the ruined past.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests.
He who has health has hope, and he who has hope has everything.
When you learn, teach. When you get, give.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.
One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that ones life has meaning, that one is needed in this world.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future.
Take it easy but take it.
If you cannot be silent be brilliant and thoughtful.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, In every rill a sweet instruction flows.
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it.
The greatest antidote to insecurity and the sense of fear is compassion it brings one back to the basis of one's inner strength
You'll see it when you believe it.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves.
Weve got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true.
Complaining doesn't change a thing only taking action does.
Who sows virtue reaps honour.
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others.
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.
What we think, we become.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error.
Live through feeling and you will live through love. For feeling is the language of the soul, and feeling is truth.
Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty.
To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with.
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
Fear grows in darkness; if you think theres a bogeyman around, turn on the light.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Being angry never solves anything.
To see things in the seed, that is genius.
You only lose what you cling to.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Into each life rain must fall but rain can be the giver of life and it is all in your attitude that makes rain produce sunshine.
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
Never mistake activity for achievement.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you.
An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block.
When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
Sometimes the cards we are dealt are not always fair. However you must keep smiling and moving on.
Silence is a source of great strength.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
It can't be spring if your heart is filled with past failures.
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket.
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, In every rill a sweet instruction flows.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
Your ability to learn faster than your competition is your only sustainable competitive advantage.
Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine.
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day to day basis.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Take it easy but take it.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
A stumble may prevent a fall.
Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.
People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
Don't frown because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
What worries you masters you.
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them.
Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them.
A good teacher is like a candle it consumes itself to light the way for others.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
Happiness is a Swedish sunset it is there for all, but most of us look the other way and lose it.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are.
A man of ability and the desire to accomplish something can do anything.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it.
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
The Creator has not given you a longing to do that which you have no ability to do.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
Yeah we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
You can't choose up sides on a round world.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
He who angers you conquers you.
Someone is special only if you tell them.
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
Our greatest glory is not in never failing but rising everytime we fall.
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
Any of us can achieve virtue, if by virtue we merely mean the avoidance of the vices that do not attract us.
Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
Error is discipline through which we advance.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship.
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
If you propose to speak, always ask yourself, is it true, is it necessary, is it kind.
If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything.
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing.
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket.
Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centred by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day to day basis.
You have to take it as it happens, but you should try to make it happen the way you want to take it.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
Our deepest wishes are whispers of our authentic selves. We must learn to respect them. We must learn to listen.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is natures way.
God always takes the simplest way.
Great talent finds happiness in execution.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg.
You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
Always be smarter than the people who hire you.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one.
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.
If you propose to speak, always ask yourself, is it true, is it necessary, is it kind.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose.
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification.
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
Passion creates the desire for more and action fuelled by passion creates a future.
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
I love my past. I love my present. I'm not ashamed of what Ive had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
All great achievements require time.
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
A thing well said will be wit in all languages.
The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought.
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Everyone should carefully observe which way his heart draws him, and then choose that way with all his strength.
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
Our strength grows out of our weaknesses.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
Things do not change; we change.
Every man is a volume if you know how to read him.
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed.
Let me help you with your baggage.
Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.
Good instincts usually tell you what to do long before your head has figured it out.
You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
Memory is the mother of all wisdom.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
If you let go a little, you will have a little peace. If you let go a lot, you will have a lot of peace.
Those who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try nothing and succeed.
Neither genius, fame, nor love show the greatness of the soul. Only kindness can do that.
A weed is no more than a flower in disguise.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
You'll see it when you believe it.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
If you take each challenge one step at a time, with faith in every footstep, your strength and understanding will increase.
A good teacher is like a candle it consumes itself to light the way for others.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
We are all something, but none of us are everything.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves.
Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
What we see is mainly what we look for.
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because theyre not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind.
A man is not where he lives but where he loves.
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
Greetings from the real universe.
Silence is a source of great strength.
Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone elses.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
What you see depends on what you're looking for.
You have to take it as it happens, but you should try to make it happen the way you want to take it.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.
When the solution is simple, God is answering.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
It is surprising what a man can do when he has to, and how little most men will do when they don't have to.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
The heat
A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.
Go to your bosom: Knock there, and ask your heart what it doth know.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them.
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
Peace of mind is not the absence of conflict from life, but the ability to cope with it.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.
Nothing will work unless you do.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.
When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
I am glad that I paid so little attention to good advice; had I abided by it I might have been saved from some of my most valuable mistakes.
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.
Learning is finding out what you already know.
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do.Attitude determines how well you do it.
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
You give before you get.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Life is not measured by the breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
As you think, so shall you become.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
Each time we face a fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
You cannot have what you do not want.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose.
We see things not as they are, but as we are. Our perception is shaped by our previous experiences.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
The world is always in movement.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centred by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it.
If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
Do more than dream: work.
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.
Learn to listen. Opportunity could be knocking at your door very softly.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
Don't focus on making the right decision, focus on making the decision the right one.
Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process.
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
Change your words. Change your world.
Everything in life is luck.
There are no failures just experiences and your reactions to them.
Meditation brings wisdom; lack of mediation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what hold you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom.
When anger use your energy to do something productive.
Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
Don't let what you can't do stop you from doing what you can do.
Self-complacency is fatal to progress.
There is one thing you have got to learn about our movement. Three people are better than no people.
Flying fish few by the space station.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
Remembering a wrong is like carrying a burden on the mind.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!
Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
Life is not measured by the breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
Much wisdom often goes with fewer words.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose.
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
If you're in a bad situation, don't worry it'll change. If you're in a good situation, don't worry it'll change.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and realize that prisoner was you.
Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error.
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
Never mistake motion for action.
All know the way; few actually walk it.
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Try and fail, but don't fail to try.
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand.
Ignorance never settle a question.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while its on your plate that's my philosophy.
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be.
Success is determined by those whom prove the impossible, possible.
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
Fortune befriends the bold.
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little do what you can.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players.They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
Character develops itself in the stream of life.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
Meditation brings wisdom; lack of mediation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what hold you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom.
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.
Put your future in good hands your own.
Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.
Smile, breathe and go slowly.
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer, and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted.
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
The greatest way to live with honour in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed.
May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
It is never too late. Even if you are going to die tomorrow, keep yourself straight and clear and be a happy human being today.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it.
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
Take it easy, but take it.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world.
Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument. Everything is debatable. But when you stand for something, decisions are obvious.
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.
No garden is without its weeds.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
Study the past, if you would divine the future.
The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.
Our strength grows out of our weaknesses.
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them.
If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of douts of my own.
Change in all things is sweet.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all.
Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
One fails forward toward success.
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.
A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself.
Some pursue happiness, others create it.
Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought.
We are all something, but none of us are everything.
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable man persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore, all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
Go to your bosom: Knock there, and ask your heart what it doth know.
It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.
The best way out is always through.
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how ot do it, and Virtue is doing it.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
I think and that is all that I am.
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
The reason most goals are not achieved is that we spend our time doing second things first.
Never deny a diagnosis, but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
In order to win, you must expect to win.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
Deep listening is miraculous for both listener and speaker.When someone receives us with open-hearted, non-judging, intensely interested listening, our spirits expand.
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
Experience can only be gained by doing not by thinking or dreaming.
All things change; nothing perishes.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens.
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god.
Be gentle first with yourself if you wish to be gentle with others.
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
A prudent question is one half of wisdom.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Happiness is a Swedish sunset it is there for all, but most of us look the other way and lose it.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy.
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star.
Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
Speak low, if you speak love.
Change your thoughts, change your life!
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction.
Why worry about things you cannot control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you?
Success is determined by those whom prove the impossible, possible.
Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.
It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others.
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.
Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing.
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
We cannot hold a torch to light another's path without brightening our own.
No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.
Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyse you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
Talk doesn't cook rice.
I think you can have moderate success by copying something else, but if you really want to knock it out of the park, you have to do something different and take chances.
Everything is perfect in the universe even your desire to improve it.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear.
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and realize that prisoner was you.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.
I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything hes got.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others.
Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon, and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world.
Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike.
Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.
Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher.
Try and fail, but don't fail to try.
At last
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
From wonder into wonder existence opens.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
There are no failures just experiences and your reactions to them.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
The true way to render ourselves happy is to love our work and find in it our pleasure.
Give thanks for the rain of life that propels us to reach new horizons.
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
The old apple revels in its authority.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment.
In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.
When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
The cautious seldom err.
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Change your words. Change your world.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg.
A short saying often contains much wisdom.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible.
The best teacher is experience learned from failures.
Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.
Every man is a volume if you know how to read him.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
Time is not a measure the length of a day or month or year but more a measure of what you have accomplished.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because theyre not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
If you take each challenge one step at a time, with faith in every footstep, your strength and understanding will increase.
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him.
Listen to your intuition. It will tell you everything you need to know.
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
Bold is not the act of foolishness but the attribute and inner strength to act when others will not so as to move forward not backward.
Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself.
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
The more light you allow within you, the brighter the world you live in will be.
If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said.
Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.
What worries you masters you.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is natures way.
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!
I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
Listen to your intuition. It will tell you everything you need to know.
I allow my intuition to lead my path.
I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply!
In all things of nature there is something of the marvellous.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance.
Practice yourself, for heavens sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!
Be gentle first with yourself if you wish to be gentle with others.
You have to take it as it happens, but you should try to make it happen the way you want to take it.
There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.
No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be.
Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day.
Strength to carry on despite the odds means you have faith in your own abilities and know how.
Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow.
Everything in life is luck.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Never mistake motion for action.
There is a way that nature speaks, that land speaks. Most of the time we are simply not patient enough, quiet enough, to pay attention to the story.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
All is flux; nothing stays still.
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
The only real valuable thing is intuition.
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.
Flying fish few by the space station.
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
Prosperity depends more on wanting what you have than having what you want.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher.
The world does not happen to you it happens from you.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
We can only learn to love by loving.
Ignorance never settle a question.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
With the high wind warning
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
Not all people who wander are lost.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
Character develops itself in the stream of life.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
They can conquer who believe they can.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely.
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
Whoso loves, believes the impossible.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
The pain passes, but the beauty remains.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
Moments of complete apathy are the best for new creations.
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
With the high wind warning
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg.
Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot.
No man was ever wise by chance.
A man is not where he lives but where he loves.
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
A beautiful thing is never perfect.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
Wishes can be your best avenue of getting what you want when you turn wishes into action. Action moves your wish to the forefront from thought to reality.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
With the realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
True happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
The aim of life is self-development. To realize ones nature perfectly that is what each of us is here for.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
The day is already blessed, find peace within it.
There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
Nothing happens unless first we dream.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
We must become the change we want to see.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
The most dangerous way to lose time is not to spend it having fun, but to spend it doing fake work. When you spend time having fun, you know you're being self-indulgent.
To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
Love at first sight is easy to understand; its when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavours to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said.
The wisest men follow their own direction.
Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.
This is a Japanese doll.
Many people think of prosperity that concerns money only to forget that true prosperity is of the mind.
Many people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could.
Take it easy but take it.
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
Into each life rain must fall but rain can be the giver of life and it is all in your attitude that makes rain produce sunshine.
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Nothing will work unless you do.
Never deny a diagnosis, but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it.
You are the only person on Earth who can use your ability.
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
The beginning is always today.
Self-trust is the first secret of success.
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
Who we are never changes. Who we think we are does.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
Whatever happens, take responsibility.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
Don't ruin the present with the ruined past.
One faces the future with ones past.
Everyone smiles in the same language.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
A single conversation across the table with a wise person is worth a months study of books.
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
Never mistake motion for action.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.
Imagination rules the world.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
A glittering gem is not enough.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world any more. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow.
Please wait outside of the house.
Be gentle first with yourself if you wish to be gentle with others.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare.
Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.
To be thoughtful and kind only takes a few seconds compared to the timeless hurt caused by one rude gesture.
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
If you take each challenge one step at a time, with faith in every footstep, your strength and understanding will increase.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
You can't create in a vacuum. Life gives you the material and dreams can propel new beginnings.
When the solution is simple, God is answering.
Not all people who wander are lost.
To be thoughtful and kind only takes a few seconds compared to the timeless hurt caused by one rude gesture.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
What you give is what you get.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
Respect is not something that you can ask for, buy or borrow. Respect is what you earn from each person no matter their background or status.
The best teacher is experience learned from failures.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.
When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment.
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
Nothing will work unless you do.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough theyre yours.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
Some pursue happiness, others create it.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price well have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.
Don't ruin the present with the ruined past.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
Never tell a young person that anything cannot be done. God may have been waiting centuries for someone ignorant enough of the impossible to do that very thing.
The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves.
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
Silence is a source of great strength.
Some people think it's holding that makes one strong sometimes it's letting go.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden.
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
When you lose, don't lose the lesson.
All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
The reason most goals are not achieved is that we spend our time doing second things first.
Loss is nothing else but change,and change is Natures delight.
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.
Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter.
As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
Winners have simply formed the habit of doing things losers don't like to do.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the worlds problems.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
Most smiles are started by another smile.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
The truth is always exciting. Speak it, then. Life is dull without it.
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
Life is not measured by the breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath.
Let me help you with your baggage.
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.
Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot.
To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest.
All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.
Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
Don't focus on making the right decision, focus on making the decision the right one.
You give before you get.
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
The most important point is to accept yourself and stand on your two feet.
If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of douts of my own.
Don't focus on making the right decision, focus on making the decision the right one.
The world does not happen to you it happens from you.
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
Skill to do comes of doing.
It took him a month to finish the meal.
The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
The wisest men follow their own direction.
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
I think you can have moderate success by copying something else, but if you really want to knock it out of the park, you have to do something different and take chances.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.
We make our own fortunes and we call them fate.
Don't wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
To give ones self earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom.
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
There's a message for you if you look up.
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
You have power over your mind not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
Be as you wish to seem.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
Fear of failure is one attitude that will keep you at the same point in your life.
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
Our passion is our strength.
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present.
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
Any of us can achieve virtue, if by virtue we merely mean the avoidance of the vices that do not attract us.
For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life.
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health.
I don't believe in failure. It's not failure if you enjoyed the process.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
Our greatest glory is not in never failing but rising everytime we fall.
A glittering gem is not enough.
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
You must train your intuition you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide.
Never promise more than you can perform.
I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
Be gentle first with yourself if you wish to be gentle with others.
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
Don't focus on making the right decision, focus on making the decision the right one.
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
Don't frown because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
We are all inclined to judge ourselves by our ideals; others, by their acts.
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
Never, never, never give up.
May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
Look forward to spring as a time when you can start to see what nature has to offer once again.
Everything is perfect in the universe even your desire to improve it.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.
Don't focus on making the right decision, focus on making the decision the right one.
Time is the wisest counsellor of all.
Who sows virtue reaps honour.
Courage is not about taking risks unknowingly, but putting your own being in front of challenges that others may not be able to.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything hes got.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.
Do more than dream: work.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light.
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
A man of ability and the desire to accomplish something can do anything.
Moments of complete apathy are the best for new creations.
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
If you wish to be a writer, write.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
Do, or do not. There is no try.
The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile.
Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
If you seek truth you will not seek victory by dishonourable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
Fear of failure is one attitude that will keep you at the same point in your life.
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world any more. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
Don't step on the broken glass.
The steeper the mountain the harder the climb the better the view from the finishing line
Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day to day basis.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
Nothing happens unless first we dream.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
No garden is without its weeds.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
Never be afraid to try, remember... Amateurs built the ark, Professionals built the Titanic.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
You can be what you want to be. You have the power within and we will help you always.
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses.
In three words I can sum up everything Ive learned about life: it goes on.
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
The most decisive actions of our life... are most often unconsidered actions.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
Truth isn't all about what actually happens but more about how what has happened is interpreted.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
Any of us can achieve virtue, if by virtue we merely mean the avoidance of the vices that do not attract us.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones weve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
To choose what is difficult all ones days, as if it were easy, that is faith.
Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be.
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all.
By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremest pleasure in life.
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is natures way.
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember.
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
You can do it if you believe you can!
To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are.
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
Open minds lead to open doors.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.
The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action.
The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition.
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.
If you cannot be silent be brilliant and thoughtful.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
One faces the future with ones past.
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts.
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
Never mistake activity for achievement.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
Respect should be earned by actions, and not acquired by years.
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.
A man's dreams are an index to his greatness.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
Well done is better than well said.
We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself.
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
Never promise more than you can perform.
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
I never worry about action, but only inaction.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said.
Adversity isn't set against you to fail; adversity is a way to build your character so that you can succeed over and over again through perseverance.
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could.
Much wisdom often goes with fewer words.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world any more. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it.
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
The day you decide to do it is your lucky day.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin.
The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.
When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
Wishes can be your best avenue of getting what you want when you turn wishes into action. Action moves your wish to the forefront from thought to reality.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
All our talents increase in the using, and the every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise.
A man is not where he lives but where he loves.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky.
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
All great achievements require time.
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
On each full moon
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
The cautious seldom err.
Adversity isn't set against you to fail; adversity is a way to build your character so that you can succeed over and over again through perseverance.
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
The day is already blessed, find peace within it.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
The most important point is to accept yourself and stand on your two feet.
Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centred by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others.
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak. Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
Give it all you've got because you never know if there's going to be a next time.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
A stumble may prevent a fall.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.
When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them.
Don't miss all the beautiful colors of the rainbow looking for that pot of gold.
No man is free who is not master of himself.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
They can conquer who believe they can.
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
The odds of hitting your target go up dramatically when you aim at it.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from not and make a brand new ending.
Why worry about tomorrow, when today is all we have?
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
He drank life before spitting it out.
Friendship isn't a big thing. It's a million little things.
To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
We know from science that nothing in the universe exists as an isolated or independent entity.
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition.
Try and fail, but don't fail to try.
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
No garden is without its weeds.
Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast you also miss the sense of where you are going and why.
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be.
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Why worry about things you cannot control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you?
We cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us.
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.
I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
The greatest obstacle to connecting with our joy is resentment.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price well have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
As we grow as unique persons, we learn to respect the uniqueness of others.
A beautiful thing is never perfect.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
God always takes the simplest way.
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life.
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
At last
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
You get peace of mind not by thinking about it or imagining it, but by quietening and relaxing the restless mind.
You can adopt the attitude there is nothing you can do, or you can see the challenge as your call to action.
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.
With the realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.
Spring is a time for rebirth and the fulfilment of new life.
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
A man is not where he lives but where he loves.
May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
I am never at home on Sundays.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
Fate is in your hands and no one elses
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is natures way.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
If you wish to be a writer, write.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
The beginning is always today.
Loss is nothing else but change,and change is Natures delight.
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg.
To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright.
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
There is one thing you have got to learn about our movement. Three people are better than no people.
Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong.
Fortune befriends the bold.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
Learn to listen. Opportunity could be knocking at your door very softly.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
Mary plays the piano.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are.
If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
Some pursue happiness, others create it.
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.
The world is always in movement.
No garden is without its weeds.
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else.
If you come to a fork in the road, take it.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.
Change your thoughts, change your life!
It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
Someone is special only if you tell them.
All things change; nothing perishes.
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.
Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.
We choose our destiny in the way we treat others.
As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
We must become the change we want to see.
Rather than wishing for change, you first must be prepared to change.
Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
I allow my intuition to lead my path.
Many people think of prosperity that concerns money only to forget that true prosperity is of the mind.
See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
In all things of nature there is something of the marvellous.
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched.
We can only learn to love by loving.
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future.
Truth is powerful and it prevails.
Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
Change in all things is sweet.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought.
So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains.
The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as ones own in the midst of abundance.
Speak low, if you speak love.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow.
Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated?
What worries you masters you.
Whoso loves, believes the impossible.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
At last
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
Every sixty seconds you spend angry, upset or mad, is a full minute of happiness you will never get back.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
Worry gives a small thing a big shadow.
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
When anger use your energy to do something productive.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable man persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore, all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
The aim of life is self-development. To realize ones nature perfectly that is what each of us is here for.
Most smiles are started by another smile.
So long and thanks for the fish.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth.
No man is free who is not master of himself.
There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
By nature man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears.
All things change; nothing perishes.
I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
Winners have simply formed the habit of doing things losers don't like to do.
Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them.
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
A stumble may prevent a fall.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
We do what we do because we believe.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument. Everything is debatable. But when you stand for something, decisions are obvious.
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
Deep listening is miraculous for both listener and speaker.When someone receives us with open-hearted, non-judging, intensely interested listening, our spirits expand.
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed.
Make the most of yourself for that is all there is of you.
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
Well done is better than well said.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
Patience is a virtue but you will never ever accomplish anything if you don't exercise action over patience.
If a man does his best, what else is there?
Our ability to achieve happiness and success depends on the strength of our wings.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
Imagination rules the world.
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
The only real valuable thing is intuition.
If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
Do, or do not. There is no try.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
Never be afraid to try, remember... Amateurs built the ark, Professionals built the Titanic.
There is a way that nature speaks, that land speaks. Most of the time we are simply not patient enough, quiet enough, to pay attention to the story.
Our distrust is very expensive.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.
Do not expect the world to look bright, if you habitually wear gray-brown glasses.
Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose.
The greatest antidote to insecurity and the sense of fear is compassion it brings one back to the basis of one's inner strength
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
The heat
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed.
You can't trust without risk but neither can you live in a cocoon.
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship.
I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.
You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible.
To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are.
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
This is a Japanese doll.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
As we risk ourselves, we grow. Each new experience is a risk.
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Everything is perfect in the universe even your desire to improve it.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy.
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
She did her best to help him.
You'll see it when you believe it.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
All things change; nothing perishes.
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
Everyone is a genius at least once a year. A real genius has his original ideas closer together.
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
The most dangerous way to lose time is not to spend it having fun, but to spend it doing fake work. When you spend time having fun, you know you're being self-indulgent.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
As you think, so shall you become.
As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big.
All seasons are beautiful for the person who carries happiness within.
My mama always said: life's like a box of chocolate you never know what you gonna get.
Wishes can be your best avenue of getting what you want when you turn wishes into action. Action moves your wish to the forefront from thought to reality.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you.
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.
The cosmos is neither moral or immoral; only people are. He who would move the world must first move himself.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable.
As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
It is impossible to feel grateful and depressed in the same moment.
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open.
Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.
Smile, breathe, and go slowly.
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Kind words will unlock an iron door.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Thats the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
There are no failures just experiences and your reactions to them.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
A short saying oft contains much wisdom.
Respect is not something that you can ask for, buy or borrow. Respect is what you earn from each person no matter their background or status.
Don't wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and realize that prisoner was you.
With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble. Courage is the foundation of integrity.
I think and that is all that I am.
Learning is finding out what you already know.
A stumble may prevent a fall.
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.
The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
The best teacher is experience learned from failures.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.
The wisest men follow their own direction.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
Our distrust is very expensive.
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought.
Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
Our intention creates our reality.
If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor.
All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out.
No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
Yeah we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.
Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel.
As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in.
A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
You cannot have what you do not want.
Life is what happens while you are making other plans.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
The book is in front of the table.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
The happy and efficient people in this world are those who accept trouble as a normal detail of human life and resolve to capitalize it when it comes along.
She cried diamonds.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
You only lose what you cling to.
Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance.
The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.
Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you.
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process.
It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
Much wisdom often goes with fewer words.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
We learn what we have said from those who listen to our speaking.
Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
Two seats were vacant.
A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home.
Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer, and practice it.
Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
Rather than wishing for change, you first must be prepared to change.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike.
Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy.
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun.
Each day provides its own gifts.
The world does not happen to you it happens from you.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
Well begun is half done.
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
If you let go a little, you will have a little peace. If you let go a lot, you will have a lot of peace.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
Silence is deep as Eternity, Speech is shallow as Time.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
If someone in your life talked to you the way you talk to yourself, you would have left them long ago.
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
The greatest antidote to insecurity and the sense of fear is compassion it brings one back to the basis of one's inner strength
Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.
All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter.
I don't believe in failure. It's not failure if you enjoyed the process.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
Loss is nothing else but change,and change is Natures delight.
One who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; one who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones weve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe.
I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being.
Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished.
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
From little acorns mighty oaks do grow.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
Two seats were vacant.
My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while its on your plate, that's my philosophy.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement.
Talk doesn't cook rice.
Don't focus on making the right decision, focus on making the decision the right one.
Speak low, if you speak love.
Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
Kindness is the greatest wisdom.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
Rainbows apologize for angry skies.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day.
The highest stage in moral ure at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.
One faces the future with ones past.
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little do what you can.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
The day always looks brighter from behind a smile.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
Your outlook on life is a direct reflection on how much you like yourself.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
So long and thanks for the fish.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is colour-blind.
From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
A good rest is half the work.
It is impossible to feel grateful and depressed in the same moment.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
Don't frown because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
They can conquer who believe they can.
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.
This is a Japanese doll.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
You have power over your mind not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
You give before you get.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification.
Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it.
To succeed, we must first believe that we can.
It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.
Spring is a time for rebirth and the fulfilment of new life.
To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the paren't of all the others.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains.
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.
In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Our deepest wishes are whispers of our authentic selves. We must learn to respect them. We must learn to listen.
Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless.
You must train your intuition you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide.
Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
One that desires to excel should endeavour in those things that are in themselves most excellent.
Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till some one dash it from them.
Things do not change, we change.
Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye.
To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
The wisest men follow their own direction.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
The only difference between your abilities and others is the ability to put yourself in their shoes and actually try.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.
Passion creates the desire for more and action fuelled by passion creates a future.
Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
All serious daring starts from within.
All seasons are beautiful for the person who carries happiness within.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world any more. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.
Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
Some pursue happiness, others create it.
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
Joy is the best makeup.
A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast you also miss the sense of where you are going and why.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
God always takes the simplest way.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer, and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.
I want more detailed information.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
Everyone is a genius at least once a year. A real genius has his original ideas closer together.
Happiness mainly comes from our own attitude, rather than from external factors.
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
Life is what happens while you are making other plans.
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
Kindness is the greatest wisdom.
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block.
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
Peace begins with a smile.
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
The more you care, the stronger you can be.
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Respect is not something that you can ask for, buy or borrow. Respect is what you earn from each person no matter their background or status.
They can do all because they think they can.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it.
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
By believing passionately in something that does not yet exist, we create it.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
Just go ahead and press that button.
It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous.
You are special, you are unique, you are the best!
Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
You can't choose up sides on a round world.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process.
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification.
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You do not need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
Patience is a virtue but you will never ever accomplish anything if you don't exercise action over patience.
Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
Winners have simply formed the habit of doing things losers don't like to do.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.
The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
You really can change the world if you care enough.
To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.
A short saying oft contains much wisdom.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
True happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances.
A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.
Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
Nobody can do everything, but everybody can do something.
You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith.
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.
I never worry about action, but only inaction.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
All great achievements require time.
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
The greatest antidote to insecurity and the sense of fear is compassion it brings one back to the basis of one's inner strength
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day.
Wicked people are always surprised to find ability in those that are good.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.
Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
He who angers you conquers you.
Light tomorrow with today!
You have power over your mind not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
The day is already blessed, find peace within it.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth.
Change in all things is sweet.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.
Imagination rules the world.
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.
If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow.
Do, or do not. There is no try.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away.
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.
In all things of nature there is something of the marvellous.
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
The world does not happen to you it happens from you.
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
As our case is new, we must think and act anew.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyse you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
When you lose, don't lose the lesson.
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
Every human being is the author of his own health or disease.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
Learn wisdom from the ways of a seedling. A seedling which is never hardened off through stressful situations will never become a strong productive plant.
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know.
Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember.
We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
Slow down and everything you are chasing will come around and catch you.
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
You can't trust without risk but neither can you live in a cocoon.
There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress.
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
You are the only person on Earth who can use your ability.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
Never mistake motion for action.
Do, or do not. There is no try.
Loss is nothing else but change,and change is Natures delight.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Study the past, if you would divine the future.
Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
The aim of life is self-development. To realize ones nature perfectly that is what each of us is here for.
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
Be the change that you want to see in the world.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Patience is a virtue but you will never ever accomplish anything if you don't exercise action over patience.
We learn what we have said from those who listen to our speaking.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.
As we risk ourselves, we grow. Each new experience is a risk.
I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything hes got.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
I want more detailed information.
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health.
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.
It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones weve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
Fortune befriends the bold.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.
Listen to your intuition. It will tell you everything you need to know.
People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself.
A weed is no more than a flower in disguise.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
I believe in one thing only, the power of human will.
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
We cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us.
You are special, you are unique, you are the best!
No one has ever become poor by giving.
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence is the key to unlocking our potential.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
Truth is powerful and it prevails.
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose.
You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.
The Creator has not given you a longing to do that which you have no ability to do.
Speak low, if you speak love.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
Count your joys instead of your woes. Count your friends instead of your foes.
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
Do more than dream: work.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
The simplest things are often the truest.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.
Transformation doesn't take place with a vacuum; instead, it occurs when we are indirectly and directly connected to all those around us.
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
Take it easy but take it.
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will.
A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
Our distrust is very expensive.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
Patience is a virtue but you will never ever accomplish anything if you don't exercise action over patience.
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
Respect should be earned by actions, and not acquired by years.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
Let me help you with your baggage.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
If you're in a bad situation, don't worry it'll change. If you're in a good situation, don't worry it'll change.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
Strength to carry on despite the odds means you have faith in your own abilities and know how.
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
Peace of mind is not the absence of conflict from life, but the ability to cope with it.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
Slow down and everything you are chasing will come around and catch you.
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime, and too sleepy to worry at night.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more that pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
Sadness may be part of life but there is no need to let it dominate your entire life.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough theyre yours.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big.
At last
Mary plays the piano.
Respect is not something that you can ask for, buy or borrow. Respect is what you earn from each person no matter their background or status.
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
Silence is deep as Eternity, Speech is shallow as Time.
Smile, breathe and go slowly.
Courage is not about taking risks unknowingly, but putting your own being in front of challenges that others may not be able to.
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.
The most important point is to accept yourself and stand on your two feet.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest.
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
Sometimes the cards we are dealt are not always fair. However you must keep smiling and moving on.
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
You are special, you are unique, you are the best!
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
Just go ahead and press that button.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
We need to rent a room for our party.
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
If you let go a little, you will have a little peace. If you let go a lot, you will have a lot of peace.
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Not all people who wander are lost.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
Life is not measured by the breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath.
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
Someone is special only if you tell them.
Your destiny isn't just fate; it is how you use your own developed abilities to get what you want.
Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
Put your future in good hands your own.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.
The secret of joy in work is contained in one word excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
Everything in life is luck.
Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions.
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
Always be smarter than the people who hire you.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present.
There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.
You can't create in a vacuum. Life gives you the material and dreams can propel new beginnings.
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little.
We know from science that nothing in the universe exists as an isolated or independent entity.
Love is not like pizza.
Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
She was too short to see over the fence.
To succeed, we must first believe that we can.
If you want to study yourself look into the hearts of other people. If you want to study other people look into your own heart.
The lake is a long way from here.
Happiness is a Swedish sunset it is there for all, but most of us look the other way and lose it.
There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil.
An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
Greetings from the real universe.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centred by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
The more you care, the stronger you can be.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.
It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens.
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
We make our own fortunes and we call them fate.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.
All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
A thing well said will be wit in all languages.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world any more. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort.
A weed is no more than a flower in disguise.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
Someone is special only if you tell them.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument. Everything is debatable. But when you stand for something, decisions are obvious.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
Those who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try nothing and succeed.
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.
We cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
If you let go a little, you will have a little peace. If you let go a lot, you will have a lot of peace.
The book is in front of the table.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
A jug fills drop by drop.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
Never mistake motion for action.
Be the chief but never the lord.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
Our ability to achieve happiness and success depends on the strength of our wings.
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
They can conquer who believe they can.
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.
All serious daring starts from within.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
Saying thank you is more than good manners. It is good spirituality.
There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
Spring is a time for rebirth and the fulfilment of new life.
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought.
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg.
Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
True happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances.
The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary.
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.
There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with.
The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose.
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
In three words I can sum up everything Ive learned about life: it goes on.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
Don't let today's disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow's dreams.
Learning is finding out what you already know.
They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
The day always looks brighter from behind a smile.
The best way out is always through.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
A good rest is half the work.
Action will remove the doubts that theory cannot solve.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
To be thoughtful and kind only takes a few seconds compared to the timeless hurt caused by one rude gesture.
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
To know your purpose is to live a life of direction, and in that direction is found peace and tranquillity.
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.
Never mistake motion for action.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
To change ones life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions.
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Action will remove the doubts that theory cannot solve.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
Fortune favours the brave.
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception.
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be.
The most dangerous way to lose time is not to spend it having fun, but to spend it doing fake work. When you spend time having fun, you know you're being self-indulgent.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Look forward to spring as a time when you can start to see what nature has to offer once again.
What you are is what you have been. What you will be is what you do now.
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is natures way.
Smile, breathe and go slowly.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyse you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him.
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it.
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
To see things in the seed, that is genius.
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction.
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous.
Each time we face a fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.
If you're in a bad situation, don't worry it'll change. If you're in a good situation, don't worry it'll change.
All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Silence is deep as Eternity, Speech is shallow as Time.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.
We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.
The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremest pleasure in life.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
In order to win, you must expect to win.
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big.
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.
There's a message for you if you look up.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
You give before you get.
The best thing in every noble dream is the dreamer...
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
In all things of nature there is something of the marvellous.
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
One fails forward toward success.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
A thing well said will be wit in all languages.
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished.
So long and thanks for the fish.
Transformation does not start with some one else changing you; transformation is an inner self reworking of what you are now to what you will be.
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
Any of us can achieve virtue, if by virtue we merely mean the avoidance of the vices that do not attract us.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
I allow my intuition to lead my path.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
To fly, we have to have resistance.
Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close.
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand.
There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil.
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
Not all people who wander are lost.
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.
If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand.
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
Ignorance never settle a question.
To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.
Self-trust is the first secret of success.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
Well begun is half done.
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
When you lose, don't lose the lesson.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
It is not the mistake that has the most power, instead, it is learning from the mistake to advance your own attributes.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth.
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
Your outlook on life is a direct reflection on how much you like yourself.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
Every human being is the author of his own health or disease.
Everything you can imagine is real.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
The true way to render ourselves happy is to love our work and find in it our pleasure.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones weve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
Life is what happens while you are making other plans.
I think and that is all that I am.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
Things do not change; we change.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
Our passion is our strength.
Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be.
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Never tell a young person that anything cannot be done. God may have been waiting centuries for someone ignorant enough of the impossible to do that very thing.
I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
The one who always loses, is the only person who gets the reward.
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
Do more than dream: work.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed.
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak but their echoes are truly endless.
Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
The old apple revels in its authority.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
I will not be concerned at other men is not knowing me;I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them.
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye.
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
On each full moon
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
You must train your intuition you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
From little acorns mighty oaks do grow.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
Bold is not the act of foolishness but the attribute and inner strength to act when others will not so as to move forward not backward.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
I’m a living furnace.
What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Don't wait for people to be friendly. Show them how.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
Winners have simply formed the habit of doing things losers don't like to do.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day to day basis.
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort.
Spirituality can be severed from both vicious sectarianism and thoughtless banalities. Spirituality, I have come to see, is nothing less than the thoughtful love of life.
Don't wait for people to be friendly. Show them how.
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves.
Listen to your intuition. It will tell you everything you need to know.
Some pursue happiness, others create it.
To lead people walk behind them.
We can only learn to love by loving.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!
Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
If you're in a bad situation, don't worry it'll change. If you're in a good situation, don't worry it'll change.
Some people think it's holding that makes one strong sometimes it's letting go.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
You give before you get.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
Everyone is a genius at least once a year. A real genius has his original ideas closer together.
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
The best way out is always through.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more
Light tomorrow with today!
What we see is mainly what we look for.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.
You really can change the world if you care enough.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
If you wish to be a writer, write.
Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it.
It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn.
Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
I am never at home on Sundays.
The beginning is always today.
To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with.
To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.
Don't step on the broken glass.
Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
Be thankful when you don't know something for it gives you the opportunity to learn.
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
I’m a living furnace.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
We cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
One that desires to excel should endeavour in those things that are in themselves most excellent.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon, and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
They can do all because they think they can.
Strength to carry on despite the odds means you have faith in your own abilities and know how.
To lead people walk behind them.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
Action will remove the doubts that theory cannot solve.
Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
If you seek truth you will not seek victory by dishonourable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
Slow down and everything you are chasing will come around and catch you.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
The heat
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Deep listening is miraculous for both listener and speaker.When someone receives us with open-hearted, non-judging, intensely interested listening, our spirits expand.
Listen to your intuition. It will tell you everything you need to know.
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.
If you come to a fork in the road, take it.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
You only lose what you cling to.
