I scrubbed the floors thoroughly.Mother sews yellow gingham aprons.The humidity is overwhelming there.The islands are sparsely populated.Just one side got wet.The little schoolhouse stood empty.The books are very expensive.The job provides many benefits.He wrapped the package hastily.The box contained three sweaters.We bought a brown chair.Please open the window quickly.Some hotels are available nearby.We have an excellent team.You can ride a stagecoach.Do they make any money?The results were very disappointing.The four brothers looked identical.I called two different painters.Life is short and precious.We just didn't look good.We have a big house.It requires no big investment.Gold can be found anywhere.The sun died at night.He has played very well.It was a great meeting.We know we can score.We talked about the situation.Try to work things out.She will order the wine.They'll never fit me again.There is such a program.He noted the fact carefully.He took heart and played.We got married right here.We just sat there giggling.She was really shook up.She was not seriously injured.It looked like an accordion.He has played very well.It's beauty that surrounds you.Wages are a key issue.The cat had five kittens.That plant needs more water.The pants are too short.His wife traveled by train.The closet was too full.This is a family show.It is not that rare.It's not a bright outlook.It can be a bore.That day might be here.I think I'm getting better.I just couldn't feel anything.The workout lasted two hours.Please come to the parade.You have to pace yourself.I'm a very independent person.He feels the same way.You'll need plenty of furniture.I could barely sit down.Every newspaper reported the story.The puppies chased the ball.Do you like doing math?They help save on energy.These are enormously popular trips.The effort is still worthwhile.We both love to travel.We understand each other better.Money wasn't a big problem.She couldn't find it anywhere.It was not a joke.I just wrote the letter.I think we'll respond favorably.The rose is bright yellow.My husband drives too fast.My work is here, too.That wasn't me you heard.It's the way it was.Contrast is important in life.Alter your clothes style gradually.I've had one unusual request.We picked grapes for wine.They have two apple trees.The steeple bell rang once.We painted the picket fence.She cooked carrots and onions.I planted three pink rosebushes.You are paying their salary.They will make many friends.Many have adopted this attitude.The grandfather clock chimed loudly.Cinders flew from the hearth.I enjoy him very much.He carefully guards his answers.I won a teaching award.He wore a black vest.Keep your house very clean.I found two wooden boxes.We gathered shells on the beach.The train approached the depot slowly.Their house is grey and white.My sister made the flowered curtains.I was conscious all the time.I have had my bell rung.There is a treehouse up above.We rode horseback to the farm.The dolphins swam around our boat.Students watched as he got out.You want him to do well.Whitecapped waves covered the entire bay.He took me out one day.The pair of shoes was new.Each one volunteered to jump first.He asked you for a loan.The fish swam across the pond.The little girls cut lacy valentines.Some prefer the traditional steel kind.Trespassers can be prosecuted and fined.I tell you, it was wonderful.Worse luck was still to come.I also can be quite vocal.Her dark hair is combed casually.I loved every minute of it.We all sat down and relaxed.Look for pockets of black sand.He'll sell them by the box.We shelled clams for the chowder.I wanted to be an actress.The store serves meals every day.The snow blew into large drifts.We've done it in the past.We knew we weren't doing well.We're all disappointed with our start.She makes other trips for pleasure.It fell out of his pocket.That's the name of the game.I got into acting by accident.Young and old also got together.Most weeds grow strong and fast.Cover and chill until serving time.The weeds did not grow well.Small ferns grow well in driftwood.I said I'd put on weight.The book is small and lightweight.He erased his mistake and continued.That's just the way it is.The surgeon quickly stitched the wound.I mailed the package years ago.How many hours have you worked?The robber escaped with the diamonds.Most visitors come as day hikers.Palm trees grow in great abundance.How many melons would you like?She comes from a basketball family.She will spend the winter abroad.Hundreds of fans surrounded the celebrity.Would you please sharpen these pencils?The ballet is about to begin.He rode horseback through the woods.They brought six loaves of bread.Sunlight shone through the bedroom window.The book has a red cover.She picked a bouquet of wildflowers.Paint the sign in bold letters.The old gentleman's coat was threadbare.She asked me what I did.I don't want to discourage people.Just don't fill them too full.The old woman's cat was pregnant.The typewriter needs to be repaired.Our new car is a convertible.They are very much in love.They ordered hot dogs with mustard.I have not addressed the issue.They want to do more research.They have not taken the time.He is uninformed on student issues.It just doesn't happen very often.He will make a decision soon.I will make a dinner salad.The rate here is somewhat low.We hope they will soon cooperate.At one time, this was true.The sailboat flew the red flag.The two potatoes must be eaten.Four people work in the restaurant.The idea for it was mine.Some people just don't see them.Our meadow is filled with daisies.We hope to meet them again.For bird lovers, they're very special.She filled the bag with tomatoes.The house has a thatched roof.The wallpaper is green and blue.I was in love with it.That way, you won't be disappointed.You'll never know until you try.Looks are not a primary consideration.They carried me off on the stretcher.I feel I can play this weekend.I just try to do my best.You're used to being on the field.All the big baseball players get traded.Both injuries were to the same leg.The misguided souls have lost their way.It was a good win for us.I expect we'll bounce back this week.It eventually became a rather proud claim.He is definitely a notch above us.Being able to dance can help too.The owners regularly look for plumbing leaks.This is a good place, though small.People who value themselves are life's winners.Who knows what you'll discover about yourself.That's what life is really all about.I scream to warm up my voice.I think I'm full of this stuff.I've kept it with me ever since.The marriage went well from the start.It was very popular with our fans.She suggested we all have dinner together.I haven't seen that friend for years.I don't think it's a good idea.Be prepared for odd behavior from friends.Begin by trying to speak up more.Now I'm living exactly as I choose.Have no fear if you come alone.The plot is laced with mysterious incidents.When you are through, write a report.Handle it any way you have to.They received all the things they needed.The new highway is straight and empty.A few may be hard to find.Old telephone booths aren't easy to find.I like them because they are practical.I saw him a few weeks later.Only two seemed really appealing to me.She is not sure what to expect.The canoe floated slowly down the river.Several paintings were sold at the auction.We had a picnic on the beach.We saw three deer and a badger.This railroad's future is in the West.Adding extra sugar didn't increase the sweetness.Drink a glass of water before exercising.Don't even wait until you are thirsty.No one can quarrel with the aim.I was wet from the neck down.How much have you spent on it?Big muscles are not necessarily strong ones.Some trees had been planted much earlier.Trees are listed by their common names.The soil seemed to hold water well.They're kept out on an open patio.It shows up in the unlikeliest places.It's hard work and dangerous as well.They may be closer than you think.Stroll along the banks, looking for clues.How do they know where to look?Prospecting for gold is a booming business.It's not at all difficult to prepare.People may find them hard to digest.Some people find them hard to identify.Beans must be soaked and then cooked.You'll also have to buy the gas.Private cabins are scattered, lining the beach.Our intelligence has bought the necessary time.Gradually, the noise level began to drop.The preparation of this article was difficult.He told the patient to be careful.The vase is very thin and fragile.How did we come to this pass?You're betting that he won't get hurt.The proposal is sure to spark debate.Paper cups of jellybeans were set out.A large coffee machine was bubbling away.The pain passes, but the beauty remains.How quickly it had happened to her!He ignores them, concentrating on his work.It's training the owner that takes longer.It's a grace that must be developed.I dismissed the suit without a trial.We had to get the manager's permission.The others sat on the green grass.I gave the role everything I had.I hadn't even read for the part.The script called for an elderly man.You can also buy cider and wine.The team had me do the throwing.We tore them up, bit by bit.Can you go with us or not?There is enough oil here for all.Did dues money pay for that trip?So why should anyone complain about that?I am not trying to antagonize judges.They had no natural interest in sports.It makes all the work seem worthwhile.I went back and checked my office.You'd be better off taking a cold shower.I tried to tell people in the community.I looked up and noticed two old men.Night after night, they received annoying phone calls.If you are losing water, replace it immediately.This is a period of transition for me.I'm willing to experiment for the first time.Travel is about the only leisure we have.The wait for work can be very long.She doesn't like to have it hanging around.There was only one decision to be made.We selected places where families will be welcome.A fire in straw makes a quick blaze.I was pleased with the way things went.Those people are much quicker than I am.I didn't know where they were coming from.I had no desire to change my ways.We are the largest of the four states.You have to expect a few bad calls.He can't abide mistakes in his own game.It was a huge part of my life.I soon found myself muttering to the walls.Can you paint a room or a portrait?That's what I thought it was at first.The strike spread throughout much of the state.The dog sat on the vet's office floor.No one target shoots as well as he.It can lead to any number of adventures.Take some time out to enjoy the season.For importers and dealers, the profits are enormous.You can describe my financial situation as fluid.It grows faster than anything else on earth.Well, religion made me what I am today.Evidence soon accumulated that this unusual approach worked.There is a strange logic to its travels.The process works in other ways as well.There is little hope that overfishing will cease.This will not be challenged in the court.He's a young bear, and he's moving on.Three days later, he phoned with the results.Do you know what the yards look like?I can train any dog in five minutes.You can wade in the cool, slow river.There's no admission charge, but donations are accepted.I had to throw away all my vests.He never played a moment of organized football.I put on twenty pounds in one month.I don't know how to deal with it.People often work in their offices at night.Find out everything you might need to know.She washes her hair more often than necessary.At eleven, he received his first real piano.The airplane came in for a swift landing.Even my sister didn't get to see it.After that, nature should do it for you.He twisted a knee and hurt an ankle.The veteran coach was concerned about the opponent.It was followed by another session at night.Natural poisons have always existed in our foods.A friend of mine has a good truck.He was a policeman in a local club.Needing more income, he took a weekend job.It eased my nerves and imposed no pollution.Salt is the only special ingredient you need.The lovable man is not a mama's boy.I'm delighted to do favors for my friends.Well, you have to trust in your organization.I think we'll be lucky with this one.Dreaming it, I moaned suddenly in my sleep.Remember the year we lived at the cove?He is capable and willing to make decisions.They say bears do strange things to people.We the jury find the defendant not guilty.The defendant is either guilty or not guilty.You can't expect to make too much money.Enjoy the fair weather while in the tropics.The money saved isn't worth the extra time.Put them in a coat or jacket pocket.Both ways have their advantages and proper uses.You won't have to hunt through a handbag.There is no fee to visit the nursery.Leave the rest on the table for later.There are two methods for soaking dried beans.For casual walking, you need no special equipment.Their output was mostly in the second half.Cuttings can be planted for flowers next fall.It can be frozen up to two months.The boxer threw a quick punch at him.Don't let me know how you do it.This year brings a change in the routine.A low price will sell a house quickly.A full moon rose between two eastern peaks.Being close to people is important to me.Fill the pan about half full of gravel.Many of the best places are privately owned.You can easily make discoveries of your own.None of the stops is in a city.I told her I only had nine minutes.From politics, the emphasis shifted to economic affairs.The joy of living is a powerful force.I've been through too much to give in now.Distinguished law firms have volunteered to provide legal assistance.The complaint came in at two in the afternoon.Someday I hope people will write about my tennis.I'm either second or third, depending on your judgment.Try to avoid moving in midsummer or on weekends.It doesn't have to happen that way, of course.Afterwards, his view hinted at a more mature attitude.For all practical purposes, any change is now dead.You have a clear view almost all winter long.I worked at it, regardless of what anyone thought.Your house tells very much about how you live.I never worried about being in someone else's way.After you have lost five pounds, buy a scarf.Later, my wife and I were talking about it.It refuses to recognize the claims of other countries.The new kitchen shelves were mounted to the wall.We were all very lucky someone didn't get hurt.I can easily learn to write in correct English.In town one day, an angry woman accosted him.How many children get the full amount as directed?Eventually, of course, we all got used to it.As much as anything else, it can be humor.It cannot live in animals or elsewhere in nature.No money changes hands, but both jobs get done.They said that they intended to recover their losses.The rudiments of these arguments need only be sketched.For further details, go on to the next page.I put some bread in the oven to toast.Their dens are harder to find now, he says.The installer of the pool refuses to fix it.You must try to do whatever you do best.I didn't think it would be any big job.It is a picture that haunted us for months.I hung up wondering what they were giggling about.Can you hook up a stereo or mend clothes?He laughed at the joke as much as anyone.His chronic stage fright nearly lost him the part.The king who rules this country must be strong.One after another, they went up to reassure him.That's not the word to describe it at all.There are combinations of words that don't make sense.Furthermore, the animals have moved steadily closer to cities.Wherever the truth leads, we're going to pursue it.The mother bear reared up on her hind legs.Our last evening was the most beautiful of all.I borrowed the house so I could surprise you.They say this is where we are rapidly heading.The club isn't even taking applications for active membership.He is accused of being too rigid and moral.The waiting list is seven to ten years long.We've got to think ourselves out of this situation.He said that he was too old to travel.He dashed across the parking lot and disappeared inside.We do not regard him as a financial wizard.Why is yours the greatest choir in the world?The ring of the telephone sliced through our sleep.There is nothing in this world he cannot do.Using too much soap can make one appear older.Many disabled don't know that the program is available.They really don't do the job on my drains.I just cannot sit here and worry any more.What can I do now, other than pardon him?You have to feed yourself with information every day.I prayed that this would be a normal landing.He could never understand people who complained about age.He tells his wife he knows this is so.She has never met a man like me before.I guess the man upstairs was kind to me.I said I didn't think I could make it.The police said the collision was not my fault.Pride can be used to beat down simpler vices.I don't know how I managed to get here.They become limber and they move with greater strength.Today they offer to help amateur gardeners as well.My old approach was to offer her a cigarette.He can't handle a rope tow with one arm.I stopped trying to eat all my troubles away.I had three tiny, screaming babies in my arms.I didn't even know how much fuel it had.They are important natural sources of vitamins and minerals.There were going to be new mothers and fathers.We cannot and need not back either side totally.It gave her an excuse not to leave us.We may have a hard time meeting the demand.You will be looking much better in three days.Practically everyone is guilty at one time or another.I wanted to be seated before the others arrived.There are two basic ways to fasten concrete securely.They extract a lot of water from the ground.There is a small additional charge for other attractions.Every traveler has had experiences and adventures in taxicabs.You're not supposed to be talking during the performance.These are favorites, because they hold their shapes well.There is often excellent bird watching in the area.The first health revolution was the control of infection.I can only describe that action as totally ridiculous.I hope you have time and energy to spare.You can rent a mower from many garden stores.Traveling is so tiring, that eliminating stress is important.Most overweight people need to learn to be more assertive.Most weeds can now be put on the compost pile.There are effective ways to conserve both energy and water.They are some of the best vegetable protein foods known.At certain times, I like being strong for someone else.Spending time with the family is really my favorite activity.I had all the usual tests, and everything was fine.The park has separate areas for cars and recreational vehicles.Agriculture did not necessarily tie men to sedentary village life.The contract provided an immediate raise in the hourly rate.They were lined with rabbit fur to protect tender feet.Male and female stay together until one of them dies.A third officer finished the report before the last deadline.I looked for a roommate to help with the bills.I have no reason to believe he is a candidate.Giving away tickets to women attracted them to the games.You can assemble it up to a day before serving.Fresh snow has fallen, and the ski tow is operating.What else can we trade for the things we need?Almost any day of the year is good for hiking.Most of their friends were gone, so they moved out.Perhaps his music might succeed where his words could not.The thought of a public concert always makes me nervous.The firm employs a battery of tests to measure motivation.Why would such a man be fired from his job?Our doctor set the fracture and put on a cast.A patient seriously hurt his ankle in a motorcycle accident.Just as often, it's the businessman who is considered right.You simply present your case as clearly as you can.It was fun, once we got up to the house.What the badger gains from the partnership is not clear.He has already received many new requests for the list.The journeys we took were long, and some very strenuous.So far, only a handful of wells have been drilled.I agree that a healthy stock market is everyone's concern.You can't store sleep or catch up on it, either.This enabled modern astronomers to date the incidents quite accurately.I began to grope among the clothes in our closet.When business slows down considerably, it can cause widespread unemployment.I have to hide it, because I have young children.They offered him a private railroad car for the trip.Things obviously were less tense there than she had pictured.He was having a hard time keeping above the water.That's important, especially with the reduced speeds and shorter trips.Pride or fear prevents many from approaching a public agency.Nobody seemed to think I had such a terrible problem.Important men in the party asked him not to go.Nothing is ever dry in the suffocating heat and humidity.He will work at it as no man has before.He is a wonderful person and a very good teacher.You may also recognize the things that are not practical.We wondered what sort of life he was now living.We were happier when he worked downstairs in the garage.Many parents said they stopped medication when the earache disappeared.My, that's a big word for such a little child.The first step is to realize that one is proud.As societies become wealthier, their consumption of animal products increases.It takes too much time, and time is running out.If he compromises, he is accused of being too weak.My sister has a unique way of getting things done.Aptitude tests indicated that he would do well in accounting.One of these days, I'm going to take a vacation.We were working with that thing for over two weeks.Most studies of animal behavior do not support this view.The noise in the rear axle grew louder and louder.You have walked all this distance just to see me?I typed the letter and put it on his desk.Hundreds of tools and inventions are now on the market.I would cause a terrible hassle in the locker room.After I hit the ball, I dashed to first base.You are seated in front of a green plastic keyboard.They exchanged gifts at the front door of the residence.Would it be asking too much to print this today?Few people can say no to that kind of invitation.Accordingly, when it is gone, it is gone for good.I turned quickly on my heel and headed for home.This time I just sat there and punched the pillow.The patient managed to fall and break his ankle again.However, just as in court, the decision is legally binding.The cave was empty of men for days on end.The agency said the theme of the play is acceptable.The sense of accomplishment from each step kept me going.Needlessly hurting someone's pride is as unprofessional as throwing clubs.They almost had to lift me out of the car.No longer needed, the city children's center was closed down.He was in no way prepared for what might happen.This is a trend we simply cannot allow to continue.The hotel is owned by a young brother and sister.The gamble was costing her dearly in peace of mind.He was attempting to capture his second consecutive tennis championship.It is wise to consider this right from the start.It was the start of a close and enduring friendship.He's in a position where he's got to keep improving.I had to stop before I hit the soft sand.Gold is heavier than anything else in a stream bed.Many myths of ancient times still exist to this day.It is a safe and effective drug, when properly used.Property owners in the area recently submitted an alternative plan.Neither players nor researchers could distinguish any difference in performance.I'm still not sure how I feel about my work.Keeping the herds separate required electrical shock, chemicals, and special fences.He seems to hit higher on each of his great rounds.His success is the kind we all have to shoot for.You are not really supposed to look at it like that.By the end of the year, the inflation rate had spiraled.Each time you walk along our beach, you discover something new.The basic requirement is a stimulating activity that draws them closer.Every time we'd disagree, I'd go in the kitchen and sulk.The men went off hunting, and the dogs went with them.We've always wondered how much money was left on the table.This can be the cheapest way to ship them long distance.In an area uncrowded by other peaks, it seems even higher.They work together to help to provide for the disabled children.They bring it in on freighters and airliners, and in cars.There was a discussion as to what to call the brochure.I submitted my picture and resume to a couple of agents.He talked me and a few others into joining his group.Finding someone willing to trade with you takes a little courage.He was the greatest ruler of men the workers had seen.The crew passed out large envelopes of coloring books and toys.Action had to be taken, and he had to take it.There were even some halfhearted offers to help with the dishes.There are many dozens of worthwhile places to break the trip.The nurses and the hospital administration acted admirably during the incident.Water a bit over the summer if it is especially dry.Learn to admit your anger and to search for constructive solutions.It struck us that they were really being demeaning to them.You're allowed to take an extra day to return the trailer.A railroad has to go somewhere in order to make money.He told me it was bits and pieces of many characters.In some cities, every driver posts a card with his identification.You may camp in both canyons, but there are no facilities.The facility is open to the public, and you may visit.Some of the new farm guides are full of shopping discoveries.People see him as a spoiled brat in a gentlemen's sport.Empty the trapped particles into your pan to recover the gold.The guide at the lodge has a supply of trail markers.The ice cream you wanted for a midnight snack has vanished.The expansion should be paid for out of general fund money.We will get to know these players as we go along.We must act quickly to save what remains of this resource.Some aspects of it are very interesting, but others are not.If you overlook it, you don't look at it at all.The ideal city is a place of crowds, not of highways.I maintain that it's the toughest job in the post office.Some of us give assurance, while others do quite the contrary.He lived there many years longer than he lived anywhere else.My mother nursed me in the wings and in dressing rooms.Sometimes, I fear it is no more than a historian's dream.You need something very sharp to get through all of that.There was a sort of exuberance in our relationship that autumn.He is fiercely independent, headstrong, and a hard man to contain.There are plenty of advantages to having an apartment to myself.You know perfectly well, I would have been bored to death.Like others, I'm doing my very best with what I've got.He rewarded the ape with peanuts and oranges for its work.Wordlessly, I clutched hundreds of little bodies and held them tight.For your work, you will earn a great deal of money.Then, perhaps, we would be able to combine safety with reason.The driver went a short distance and made an unscheduled stop.Only the ancient artifacts of a proud and mighty people remained.Thus, the request to his wife was not simply a gesture.The disaster was only prevented because we had received advanced warning.The patient became nervous while he waited for the doctor's arrival.When a man died, he was said to have gone west.I tried to put my personality over as strongly as possible.Following routine tests, I was put peacefully to sleep for surgery.I was under the impression that the ticket included some entertainment.One night we had quite a disagreement, which was left unresolved.I miss having you with me when I'm clearing the table.As a consequence, two dangerous attitudes are developing here at home.He bought a larger house, because his wife had become pregnant.I haven't got the time to go on listening to tapes.Sure, this transistor is cheaper, but will it do the job?In that certainty lies a great peace and a great joy.We saw a mother bear leading her cubs up the hill.Although I tried, I couldn't find the trouble in my motor.Babies were being held by older children or by the escorts.English has a rule that says two negatives make a positive.I have three other classes that meet four times a week.As the day flicked by, he asked a thousand crucial questions.We don't have to worry about money as we used to.Nothing, or almost nothing, turned out to have been entirely true.The trainees collected payment, then delivered the tickets to the customers.Whatever the reasons, the day of the old car is here.You must realize that you were young a long time ago.Fortunately for the world, the hand healed in a few months.What a fine person I must be to have done it.Once this has been done, how do you change your motivation?I thought it was going to hit the side of our building.Everyone was hungry, even the women and children crouching by the fire.For years, a friend of mine has been trying to quit smoking.It makes prospecting more effective and also lowers the cost of drilling.There was solid evidence that our quarry was right under our noses.You will have to dig into your wallet as deeply as I.I consider it the happiest, most normal, human way of doing things.I hadn't even thought of the matter until a few miles back.He felt that his first responsibility was to the welfare of mankind.Where is the wilderness that was to be preserved for all generations?The ability lies not in the tool itself, but in the user.In any case, it is a little late to stop the revolution.A cat raised by other cats will be forever fearful of people.According to the rules, you shouldn't end a sentence with a preposition.Naturally, these new nations varied in terms of size, population, and resources.Desperate, I began to bang on the exit door with both fists.While the book was opened for them, it gave no important details.Go get a court order if you want to see the books.I have a favorite aunt who is totally deaf and lives alone.I think that must be the hardest kind of teaching to do.If the doorman does nothing for you, he doesn't deserve a tip.I ask people to be as careful as they are at home.We want to make sure we play like that from the start.After what seemed like hours of waiting, the taxi finally showed up.Those things are only as good as the people who use them.The strangest of all the employee's relationships is that with the manager.The only real insurance against failure is the elimination of all risk.How did such an unlikely pair ever meet in the first place?Our conversation was the beginning of a close friendship that endures today.Most people find that each passing year leaves skin a little drier.I have seen him modify his own opinions often, because he listens.Of all the snacks children love, one is now a natural cereal.Not being fond of writing themes, I came up with an idea.He has made me feel that I am no different from before.At the sight of her owner, she bounds joyfully about her pen.I can't ever repay the church for the faith it's given me.I worked hard to make sure no one discovered something was wrong.I was worried about what I was going to say to him.It was raining when we went up there, and that was fun.If they are having a difficult time, he does not feel neglected.Success can begin in your early twenties, especially if you are ambitious.I thought we were all going to start sliding at any minute.I studied the photographs, read the books, and went to the zoos.I watched my uncle and his hired hand put up a fence.I found in it the inspiration and the stimulation to keep trying.One day, a prominent sign was missing from the banker's front window.It still has to be taken to where it can be used.Such plans are always detailed, and often heavily promoted, in airline ads.I figured it worth a try, since I wouldn't have another chance.I love art in many forms, and these cars are moving art.I'm sorry, but I cannot grant your request to change your grade.Although he loved the whole human race, children were his special favorites.The baby was fed, dressed, and put to sleep in his crib.A minister told his congregation that there are seven hundred different sins.If something is truly priceless, it can't be included in the formula.There is a possibility the case will become a class action suit.A small map on the opposite page shows where the tree grows.Flowers in the shade demand less water than those in the sun.The new toaster was so shiny you could see yourself in it.In most states, some rivers are off limits to dredging all year.The walk was partly through forests of chestnut trees in full crop.It stays in place until the plants are pulled in the fall.I have abandoned the notion that some people are better than others.They're asking more questions and doctors, for the most part, are answering.There are no judges to intimidate you, or lawyers making obscure points.All that's required is hard work and the will to do it.He was lying on the couch, one wrist limp against his forehead.Before I answer you, don't you want your husband to join us?He will regard his wife and family as full partners and friends.Is it your belief that each one was diminished by the others?To the east and north, you can look into three other countries.The best way to describe the work is to say it's unpredictable.This great crowd of supporters is surely the best in the world.They bring their children in on many decisions that affect family life.When drilled, the well provided all the water the town could use.He reached in with his hook and clamped it over the grill.The average person can usually estimate reasonably well what is really possible.About that time, two young men were painting my neighbor's old house.He seeks constantly to improve his product and maintain high quality standards.You and your family will share experiences that will last a lifetime.There is a place to buy food when you're hungry or thirsty.I would look closely at the Earth's horizon and see the atmosphere.When her son graduated from college with honors, she beamed with pride.Everyone wonders what causes most of the ugly behavior in the world.He doesn't think the film will damage the image of professional players.You can do practically anything, and the family will back you up.The dog began to run around the wagon in a wide circle.After candles were lit, she served the gourmet meal she had prepared.Consider all that he must do to stay at the prescribed weight.They walked alone behind the flower garden with their heads hanging contritely.For all of my long, hard years, I had been vibrantly healthy.Overall, the mail has become more erratic and, on the average, slower.In any case, it is a little late to stop the revolution.You mean there is an opening in the front of the school?Did you notice how much faster the work went after the baptism?He leaped after them, but still couldn't quite get there in time.It is much too civil to be considered as politics of revenge.You can paddle around in the swimming pool to your heart's content.From that point on, several men would remember nothing of the crash.Even if they fail, there are other ways it can be stopped.For half the human race, it is as necessary as air or water.Members range from students and grandmothers to star athletes, lawyers, businessmen, and mayors.He can't afford to slip even a little bit, or I'll overtake him.He would come out of his studio at the end of a day.When a full second is over, an addressing machine snatches the letter away.On several occasions, he was produced in court to testify for the government.Of all qualities in human character, which do you consider the most admirable?We sat tight for a while longer, but the bears did not reappear.Next evening, we were back to take our places against the fallen tree.There was no history of the disease on either side of my family.She started finding fault with everything I said and almost everything I did.As long as one can admire and love, then one is young forever.Why did we have to go through all that to break up now?Two years ago, he heard encouraging news about a couple of old friends.It was our first sign of a grizzly in a week of searching.You burned your fingers fishing out the toast when it didn't pop up.The vain person wants praise too much and is always angling for it.The painters were both new fathers and loved the samples I showed them.Growers, for the most part, were united this time in resisting the demands.He is just learning to accept what he thinks are faults in others.All unfilled permanent positions at the university must be filled by qualified applicants.They were sitting on a park bench with their chessboard and a timer.Mark the spot where they are growing so you can find them later.People are starting to realize that they can't afford all of the services.It's the only thing I know that allows me not to grow up.I don't want to miss anything, because I don't have anyone with me.It is legal in most state and national forest lands and public lands.You've probably been mad enough to yank the tree out by its roots.There were many signs that they had a high degree of achievement motivation.Her position is basically the same as it was a few weeks ago.We were under a tremendous amount of pressure, but handled it very well.Adoring fans reached out to touch the players, who sat atop open vehicles.Finally, the dog cut across the circle and jumped back into the wagon.With the sun overhead, a hat is all you need to shield yourself.That is a choice we can avoid if we avoid the controls themselves.I am reminded of many canoe trips I have taken in my lifetime.Why is it that all the people in your portraits look so sad?A woman signed a sales contract for construction of a new brick home.It isn't long, however, before a visitor notices some deficiencies in the system.He looks to the private sector for a change in the social order.From the trickle, the flow of payments has increased to a mighty torrent.He was not resigning, nor taking his fight to the people on television.The worst part is that we suspect we might now enjoy their company.It shows that you are not yet completely contented with what you have.More than a foot of rain can fall in a day or two.He told the jury to retire and come back with a lawful verdict.It contained many of the qualities that we value in our own civilization.Yet, when the flowers do come, the leaves fall and are not replaced.They took out the lawn and then put in a large parking lot.You value other people enough to want them to look straight at you.I used to watch it all the time, but now I become bored.Trucks haul supplies to the jungle and bring back logs and farm products.Last night, we all went to a music festival they had across town.The innate ability to find water has fascinated and puzzled mankind for centuries.We talked of whether he should accept the office if it were offered.All the people decided to go on a diet at the same time.We have to take part in what is good, and do our best.We had to go driving around for hours trying to get two quarters.They were illiterate and sparsely scattered over the land, without towns or cities.Indeed, no other athlete faces such enormous hazards with so little protective equipment.This is not the only way to set up a productive community garden.After a long marriage, the couple was on the verge of breaking up.While making life livable for all of us, it makes money for nations.He will share his life's work, his happiness, and his problems with them.He agreed that the hard, flat spot was probably due to muscle strain.Without its mother, a baby animal will soon grow thinner and waste away.A report on travel movements, for example, can be verified by hotel records.Over a year or two, the whole grove bursts into small white flowers.The little child with the troubled eyes went on the list as well.He keeps private those which are personal matters between him and his wife.She could not accept the fact, and refused to do anything about it.Deep inside, I suspect that I refused to think of you as grown.He is now mature enough to help out in any way he can.A clerk reads the zip code and punches three numbers on his keyboard.The middle class worries about buying, for fear they will lose their savings.They have a lively freedom about them that should be part of adolescence.Somehow, I doubt that he will win, because golf is such a challenge.He couldn't go back to his trade, and he had no other skills.Sir, when my form is filled out, what do I do with it?More than five thousand of these boys and girls garden on school property.For one moment, it seemed as though the mother bear might charge again.What makes a pretty girl spread misery wherever she goes by collecting admirers?I never asked for more in this life than a patch of grass.There is plenty of evidence from new studies of behavior that this works.A person is more likely to think about job changes when he's unhappy.A large red welt was appearing on the left side of his face.I was recovering from a hip injury and could not climb a ladder.When a playwright starts writing propaganda, he ceases to be a true artist.You value other people enough to want them to care about your life.I kissed him, and we watched him walk slowly across the hotel lobby.After you've finished answering all the questions, please mail the card to us.If you count the fun I've had, I'm well ahead of my goals.No matter what profession you go into, a strong general background is helpful.It shows you what to do if you ever want to get one.In this school, I still think it is an even more difficult task.The basic requirement is an activity that draws them closer to each other.We can only guess why people endured such exhausting toil day after day.In less than an hour, the doctors completed the surgery on the boy.Telephone operators take messages, but never give the room number of the patrons.You can choose almost any kind of route you want to get there.Through science, foods such as breakfast cereals have a shelf life of one year.I know two women who learned to fly, and have since become licensed pilots.You will probably win first prize if you consent to be in my class.These ships have far fewer safety features than have been customary in large ships.One can't think of anything that isn't, under some circumstances, able to cause harm.I dropped my trays and grabbed her just as she was about to fall.I mean, we all know about each other, and there are no surprises anymore.The way it was set up, there was no fixed line to toss from.Just beyond the border of awareness, most of us are constantly talking to ourselves.If you have a complaint, first ask the merchant to take care of it.Their brakes are much more reliable and their cooling systems require much less maintenance.The idea of the magic wand may well have begun with the divining rod.Why, these are the same questions that you asked when I was a student.Returning later, he found that the trap had been carefully dug up and sprung.He knows there is a pack of wolves in the timber across the valley.When he smiles at you, it almost makes you wish he was your grandfather.Usually, the latter is a retired judge, whose fee is shared by both parties.We got to talking, and I mentioned that I do candid photography of children.Every year, more and more visitors camp in remote areas where the game roams.I don't blow money on horses, or buy my wife diamonds and fur coats.I had put on thirty pounds in six months, and that didn't help matters.For once, let us attack the causes of our problems and not the results.The sun never reaches the ground through the overhead canopy of trees and vines.Selling the parts for more than the car had cost him, launched his career.The rich, who could support and uplift a dwindling market, take their money elsewhere.If this doesn't work, he should be mature enough to get good professional help.Now, I go into the children's section to make sure that I'm fully informed.I like my work, and I'm earning twice what I made before the accident.Unless the young people really believe in our institutions, the system will not work.It is unrealistic to expect any human personality to remain frozen for two decades.There must be many reasons for seeking to understand what has been going on.No one will ever play what you could consider a perfect game of golf.Each culture developed in a manner dictated by its own needs, sources, and ingenuity.You'd better enjoy it, because you may never get another chance to see one.Only a few friends of the three refused to take part in the benefit.The children were now daring each other to feats of wild speed and recklessness.Well, I'd like to know what it is that has three legs and flies.We must inject human judgment into a formula that now accepts only dollar signs.Merely defining the risks is not enough for a jockey to keep his job.If the weather's nice, we'll pack a lunch and spend the day enjoying ourselves.When a business grows, it's partners become more and more lovable to each other.There were still a couple of seconds to spare before I had to fire.Too often, we engage in empty conversations, or sit staring vacantly at television programs.We lived in a little apartment over the garage where he had his shop.Fog continued to move in as temperatures began to drop rapidly in the area.It is this kind of relationship that lets children grow up to be lovable.We only had half the number of performers that were supposed to be there.Their reward is a percentage of the oil they bring out of the ground.I was happy to come up with a good grade out of that class.Some individuals have actually been able to control their heart rate and blood pressure.They made five approaches, but the air proved too bumpy to try a landing.Expert car trackers are able to turn up a fair amount of untouched stock.Someone told me there is a program that trains dogs to aid deaf people.If they burn the candle at both ends, the wick won't last very long.We tell where to get a copy, and mention any unusual farm products sold.In the course of two weeks, they climbed six mountains and walked down five.Labor costs account for only a small portion of what consumers pay for fruit.This is a victory more for the workers than it is for the employers.The low water level may actually lengthen the season and provide more white water.Buying from the farmer also gives you access to produce that doesn't travel well.You're an intelligent person, and a lot of your objections to marriage make sense.Enlightened coaches encourage players to bring their mates along with them on athletic trips.When the jury retired to consider the verdict, they were out only five minutes.Our first practices this week were not as good as they should have been.An aggressive person is more inclined to call room service than a passive one.The portrait of me you painted looks more like me with each passing year.The point is simply that each person's pride is in competition with everyone else's.I like it, and I like the independence and courage it has given me.Most of the disabled who are eligible for aid are not receiving enough help.This may be all right for math, but it's a little unrealistic in practice.It is their large appetite for lamb that constantly keeps him in hot water.Teach the subject how to score higher on the tests that measure his imagination.She hung a metal pie plate and a large metal spoon at the door.If it's a sunny day, we'll soon meet in the backyard around the pool.In total silence, it was passed back to him from one row to another.Just as you outgrew making mud pies, you have outgrown wearing those old clothes.His number was entered on the doctor's growing list of those with special needs.We the jury find the defendant not guilty, provided that he returns the money.Yet, this conversion of animal feed into food for humans is far from efficient.Just looking at a chicken, you'd never guess it led such a complicated life.That house need not be demolished, as it can be lovingly restored and revitalized.We waited silent, leaning against a fallen tree about fifty feet from the deer.Unlike many of us, he is not afraid to admit that he is wrong.The numbers go into a computer, and a package flops onto a moving tray.Little children came up the ramp, most of them crying and trying to leave.He is more interested in mutual closeness, pleasure, and happiness than in personal pride.The staff tries to visit each home gardener during the summer to offer advice.He can differ radically with a man, yet still respect and admire him personally.If I see people around me succeeding, it will stimulate my desire to succeed.It may fail completely if only one little thing goes wrong in the process.Some people did not particularly like the way it was handled in this situation.It needs a set of tires and a license before you can drive it.It explains what to do there, and when to visit for the best weather.We're fortunate that there are still people like them around to do the job.There are things to do besides fishing when you go camping in that area.Fresh foods will be for sale at farmer's roadside stands throughout the coming months.We must treat him exactly as if he were a member of our family.Why not walk part of the way down the mountain to the lookout point?They are just now beginning to learn how to serve the ball with power.Almost daily, the three were threatened with adverse weather conditions at the mountain cabin.I was going to go there, but everyone told me it rained all the time.I have some friends that are up there now, and they like it pretty well.Tests resulted in the removal of many foods from the diets of millions of diabetics.Too many people die of heart attacks because they do not get treatment in time.It was the first step aimed at winning wages comparable to those paid other workers.When the feeling came back, they asked if I wanted to walk off the field.Sometimes in rehearsal, everyone would talk a lot about making a change in the script.He takes nothing for granted and knows that tender words and gestures are keenly appreciated.I figured on saying how much I respected him, but I didn't have a chance.I heard they had to escort one of the entertainers off the stage last night.It ran north and south, so that the sun made a complete arc over it.It was the exact same feeling you get when your knee gives out on you.The city could reduce other taxes so there would be no increase for city residents.I've made the decision not to prosecute, and I'm going to live with that decision.He volunteered the information that the same thing had happened before at the same place.A little child came home from playing ball with a disgusted look on his face.He told the crowd he'd never seen anything like the celebration in his entire career.Not only had costs gone down, but what do you suppose had happened to benefits?No one had to tell what organized labor could do for working men and women.Trays of baby bottles were passed out to the older children to feed the infants.These figures mean that it is futile to hope that postal rates have stopped rising.With murmured prayers and pounding hearts, the onlookers agonized through every move in the mission.Until recently, there had been little scientific effort to unearth the facts about their habits.At one point, the mother disappeared over the crest and was gone for several minutes.The discount had been a part of the team's promotion for more than ten years.She wanted to be released from the contract, but the seller held her to it.We can't get an agreement with them if they have something and we have nothing.They're acting out patterns of behavior that they were afraid to try in real life.He was so good at it that I urged him to have his recipes printed.I untangled it, pulled him back into the boat, and got back to the dock.The day was so beautiful that I called my parents and invited them to go.I found the course more interesting than the other classes I have taken so far.In the emergency room, patients often wait for hours until a doctor can see them.I am a sculptor and have been commissioned to do a grizzly bear in stone.We had the chance, and we felt it would be sinful not to take it.Yet, it is so different from other flowers that it needs its own special terms.Successful community gardens start when somebody has a good idea and follows through on it.With nothing to do but wait for the meeting, I let the quietness take over.I'd have to hesitate before I bet much money on chances of changing modern organizations.An everyday diet that includes animal and vegetable protein will supply all your body needs.Above all, when she receives a compliment from friends or family, she jots it down.They will routinely refund the full amount paid for any ticket that hasn't been used.For in this condition, the object of desire is always at its most flawlessly perfect.At this moment, we have complete freedom to begin industrial use of the high seas.A bit on the shaggy side, the dog had pointed ears and a bushy tail.The whole planet burst like a rainbow, and the only word for it was glory.They proceeded past the large group to the house and forced their way into it.Take a boat into all those weeds and you're taking your life in your hands.In order to win, we must put more points on the board than we have.The meeting was not to put out our problems, but more to encourage one another.Slowly he came to realize that he alone could not sway governments with his protests.What good is a product if it isn't available to everyone at a reasonable price?When the time came, the man walked down the aisle and knelt at the altar.Moreover, it rarely takes more than a few months for a hearing to be convened.Certainly, consumers have the right to complain and send things back when they aren't right.If he and his wife are having difficulties, he will talk them out with her.We are still surrounded by mysteries here on Earth which at present cannot be explained.The loveable person is straightforward about what they think and able to cope with problems.Give your friend a bunch of brightly colored balloons tied with a big, red bow.You can wrap up the cookies or serve them at the end of a meal.For a child, buy a cheap ceramic piggy bank and fill it with bright pennies.For a different sort of tree, hang up colorful rolled up socks instead of ornaments.That will give us a head start for the final session, which begins next month.As a renter, you pay a big chunk of your monthly rent for property taxes.They will not have to report the money they collect for property taxes as income.If you read the fine print, you'll find that most brands must be defrosted first.It may seem that there are a number of steps in the processing of cheese.There are thousands of cookbooks, but one general favorite book belongs on every cook's shelf.A special meal cooked for friends is as loving a gift as anything you buy.Wherever the metals touch, rub the edges with fine sandpaper until the metal is bright.Remove the pan from the stove and slowly fill it with cold water to cool.They are fine presents by themselves or great garnishes for the wrapping of other surprises.Draw a design on paper and tape it to the opposite side of the glass.The inn's large, comfortable rooms and good food make your visit to the island delightful.The main reason crowds stay away is that the island's landscape is scrubby and dry.The inn is an unusual retreat built into the ruins on a long, black beach.The moon and wind turn the sugar cane fields into oceans of sparkling green waves.The resort's beautiful gardens, good food, and swimming pool produce a bunch of happy guests.You can have a sofa in your very own living room that has great style.If you can find a fabric that makes you feel at home, stick with it.He bought everything he needed to start drawing and painting, but then changed his mind.Due to amnesia, several men would remember nothing of the crash from that point on.Nobody knows exactly why or when the tragedy will occur without knowing the full circumstances.We wanted to get out of there and see if we could find our car.He said the investigators expressed their opinions in the report, without regard to any recrimination.You can choose about any kind of route you want as long as it's safe.If you own gear, almost any time of the year can be good for hiking.The material should just cover the tops of the seeds for the best growing pattern.It is wise to consider this right from the start to insure the best results.Our readers warn against buying too much at the start because it may be wasted.A good travel brochure explains what to do in a country and when to visit.He was an innocent man, but he had no money to pay for legal expenses.We're fortunate that there are still people like him around to develop good social programs.If you are a renter, you are required to maintain the property in good condition.If the barometer is correct, conditions should be good for the growing number of fishermen.It took us about an hour of driving around before we found a parking space.If you have a new television, you won't feel sorry for yourself because you're alone.She should remain president because all the evidence shows that she is an able administrator.He would rise up occasionally, but he kept lapsing back into a kind of sleep.I want to be in charge of everything I do, answering to no one else.