Silence is deep as Eternity, Speech is shallow as Time.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently.
From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
Ignorance never settle a question.
There are no failures just experiences and your reactions to them.
Don't wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Just go ahead and press that button.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak but their echoes are truly endless.
Patience is a virtue but you will never ever accomplish anything if you don't exercise action over patience.
All serious daring starts from within.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Make the most of yourself for that is all there is of you.
Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot.
Count your joys instead of your woes. Count your friends instead of your foes.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things.
Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
Our ability to achieve happiness and success depends on the strength of our wings.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
Weve got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
Those who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try nothing and succeed.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
Error is discipline through which we advance.
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will.
A stumble may prevent a fall.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavours to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
You don't drown by falling in water. You drown by staying there.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.
I allow my intuition to lead my path.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
One that desires to excel should endeavour in those things that are in themselves most excellent.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster.
It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.
Some pursue happiness, others create it.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more that pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
She cried diamonds.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
Passion creates the desire for more and action fuelled by passion creates a future.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
God always takes the simplest way.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, In every rill a sweet instruction flows.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing.
A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
The only difference between your abilities and others is the ability to put yourself in their shoes and actually try.
What we think, we become.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.
If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.
Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.
Don't wait for people to be friendly. Show them how.
A thing well said will be wit in all languages.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
Every human being is the author of his own health or disease.
When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.
Do not expect the world to look bright, if you habitually wear gray-brown glasses.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all.
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
Your outlook on life is a direct reflection on how much you like yourself.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil.
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
Learn to listen. Opportunity could be knocking at your door very softly.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Listen to your intuition. It will tell you everything you need to know.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.
One faces the future with ones past.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn.
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.
Great talent finds happiness in execution.
Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind.
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility.
He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind.
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
The lake is a long way from here.
Everything is perfect in the universe even your desire to improve it.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is natures way.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
Well begun is half done.
No man was ever wise by chance.
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe.
If you want to study yourself look into the hearts of other people. If you want to study other people look into your own heart.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
Who we are never changes. Who we think we are does.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
A weed is no more than a flower in disguise.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable man persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore, all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
Sadness may be part of life but there is no need to let it dominate your entire life.
If someone in your life talked to you the way you talk to yourself, you would have left them long ago.
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Complaining doesn't change a thing only taking action does.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley
We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
What you give is what you get.
Neither genius, fame, nor love show the greatness of the soul. Only kindness can do that.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of douts of my own.
The time you think you're missing, misses you too.
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.
If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the worlds problems.
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
You cannot have what you do not want.
Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
There is a way that nature speaks, that land speaks. Most of the time we are simply not patient enough, quiet enough, to pay attention to the story.
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
Our strength grows out of our weaknesses.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till some one dash it from them.
A short saying oft contains much wisdom.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said.
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
Whatever happens, take responsibility.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open.
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
The world does not happen to you it happens from you.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
Mary plays the piano.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
Experience can only be gained by doing not by thinking or dreaming.
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
Most smiles are started by another smile.
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence is the key to unlocking our potential.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.
It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it.
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
Meditation brings wisdom; lack of mediation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what hold you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Look forward to spring as a time when you can start to see what nature has to offer once again.
Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter.
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
He who angers you conquers you.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
Being angry never solves anything.
To see things in the seed, that is genius.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
The worst bankrupt in the world is the person who has lost his enthusiasm.
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
Imagination rules the world.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
We make our own fortunes and we call them fate.
Just as much as we see in others we have in ourselves.
The greatest obstacle to connecting with our joy is resentment.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
The greatest way to live with honour in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.
Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centred by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them.
An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.
Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
Into each life rain must fall but rain can be the giver of life and it is all in your attitude that makes rain produce sunshine.
We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
By believing passionately in something that does not yet exist, we create it.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
We need to rent a room for our party.
Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime, and too sleepy to worry at night.
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
To give hope to someone occurs when you teach them how to use the tools to do it for themselves.
As we grow as unique persons, we learn to respect the uniqueness of others.
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification.
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one.
If you propose to speak, always ask yourself, is it true, is it necessary, is it kind.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
Your ability to learn faster than your competition is your only sustainable competitive advantage.
The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more
Light tomorrow with today!
If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts.
The heat
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Try and fail, but don't fail to try.
I love my past. I love my present. I'm not ashamed of what Ive had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life.
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough.
The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions.
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
Nobody can do everything, but everybody can do something.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
We cannot hold a torch to light another's path without brightening our own.
It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not.
Truth isn't all about what actually happens but more about how what has happened is interpreted.
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that so it goes on flying anyway.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
Smile, breathe, and go slowly.
Be gentle first with yourself if you wish to be gentle with others.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
The odds of hitting your target go up dramatically when you aim at it.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself.
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.
Better than a thousand hollow words is one word that brings peace.
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.
For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
One fails forward toward success.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.
Truth is powerful and it prevails.
The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
Give thanks for the rain of life that propels us to reach new horizons.
Greetings from the real universe.
Fate is in your hands and no one elses
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought.
It can't be spring if your heart is filled with past failures.
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
As we risk ourselves, we grow. Each new experience is a risk.
Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
Why worry about things you cannot control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you?
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept responsibility for changing them.
With the high wind warning
I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
We can only learn to love by loving.
The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
Spring is a time for rebirth and the fulfilment of new life.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
The most dangerous way to lose time is not to spend it having fun, but to spend it doing fake work. When you spend time having fun, you know you're being self-indulgent.
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
If a man does his best, what else is there?
Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
Wicked people are always surprised to find ability in those that are good.
I think you can have moderate success by copying something else, but if you really want to knock it out of the park, you have to do something different and take chances.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
Let me help you with your baggage.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
All things change; nothing perishes.
I never worry about action, but only inaction.
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
When the solution is simple, God is answering.
I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process.
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
No man is free who is not master of himself.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Go to your bosom: Knock there, and ask your heart what it doth know.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
We do what we do because we believe.
I believe in one thing only, the power of human will.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
Prosperity depends more on wanting what you have than having what you want.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.
The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.
She did her best to help him.
Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.
I will not be concerned at other men is not knowing me;I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
Self-trust is the first secret of success.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
Hit me with your pet shark!
It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
Moments of complete apathy are the best for new creations.
It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them.
If you cannot be silent be brilliant and thoughtful.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves.
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
Id rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.
A man is not where he lives but where he loves.
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.
My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while its on your plate that's my philosophy.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were.
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You do not need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
As you think, so shall you become.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is colour-blind.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.
You can't choose up sides on a round world.
I’m a living furnace.
Beware of the half truth. You may have gotten hold of the wrong half.
It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others.
Our greatest glory is not in never failing but rising everytime we fall.
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
Kind words will unlock an iron door.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
Bold is not the act of foolishness but the attribute and inner strength to act when others will not so as to move forward not backward.
Don't ruin the present with the ruined past.
Learning is finding out what you already know.
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
Someone is special only if you tell them.
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
You can be what you want to be. You have the power within and we will help you always.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
Love at first sight is easy to understand; its when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.
To fly, we have to have resistance.
Things do not change, we change.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
Our intention creates our reality.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.
Flying fish few by the space station.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
Never, never, never give up.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.
A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer, and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
I am never at home on Sundays.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought.
Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely.
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out.
No garden is without its weeds.
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand.
Everyone smiles in the same language.
Our deepest wishes are whispers of our authentic selves. We must learn to respect them. We must learn to listen.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.
Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
The highest stage in moral ure at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
You can't trust without risk but neither can you live in a cocoon.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
Sometimes the cards we are dealt are not always fair. However you must keep smiling and moving on.
You give before you get.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough theyre yours.
Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big.
Change your words. Change your world.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
Everyone should carefully observe which way his heart draws him, and then choose that way with all his strength.
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it.
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances.
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
I think and that is all that I am.
A prudent question is one half of wisdom.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world any more. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship.
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.
Well done is better than well said.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser.
Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose.
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.
Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others.
Study the past, if you would divine the future.
It is never too late. Even if you are going to die tomorrow, keep yourself straight and clear and be a happy human being today.
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
The old apple revels in its authority.
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and realize that prisoner was you.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
Put your future in good hands your own.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination.
Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
It took him a month to finish the meal.
Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little.
You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
He who has health has hope, and he who has hope has everything.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
Learn wisdom from the ways of a seedling. A seedling which is never hardened off through stressful situations will never become a strong productive plant.
I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg.
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the paren't of all the others.
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
The most important point is to accept yourself and stand on your two feet.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
Every sixty seconds you spend angry, upset or mad, is a full minute of happiness you will never get back.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyse you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.
Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed.
You can do it if you believe you can!
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
If you let go a little, you will have a little peace. If you let go a lot, you will have a lot of peace.
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
Don't frown because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
To lead people walk behind them.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
Adversity isn't set against you to fail; adversity is a way to build your character so that you can succeed over and over again through perseverance.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone elses.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.
Change your thoughts, change your life!
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Remembering a wrong is like carrying a burden on the mind.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
To succeed, we must first believe that we can.
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
Fortune favours the brave.
From little acorns mighty oaks do grow.
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error.
Not all people who wander are lost.
Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
The day is already blessed, find peace within it.
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.
They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
We know from science that nothing in the universe exists as an isolated or independent entity.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while its on your plate, that's my philosophy.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from not and make a brand new ending.
You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present.
Yeah we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
You can't create in a vacuum. Life gives you the material and dreams can propel new beginnings.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
Saying thank you is more than good manners. It is good spirituality.
A short saying often contains much wisdom.
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.
On each full moon
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
Talk doesn't cook rice.
Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself.
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
Deep listening is miraculous for both listener and speaker.When someone receives us with open-hearted, non-judging, intensely interested listening, our spirits expand.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.
Two seats were vacant.
It is surprising what a man can do when he has to, and how little most men will do when they don't have to.
Character develops itself in the stream of life.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.
The truth is always exciting. Speak it, then. Life is dull without it.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything hes got.
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.
Be the chief but never the lord.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
In three words I can sum up everything Ive learned about life: it goes on.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
Everyone is a genius at least once a year. A real genius has his original ideas closer together.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims.
Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
If you seek truth you will not seek victory by dishonourable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
Fear of failure is one attitude that will keep you at the same point in your life.
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
We must become the change we want to see.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
You are special, you are unique, you are the best!
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
The years teach much which the days never know.
Transformation does not start with some one else changing you; transformation is an inner self reworking of what you are now to what you will be.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
Never promise more than you can perform.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.
As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Never mistake motion for action.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
With the realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
Knowing is not enough; we must apply!
Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!
We learn what we have said from those who listen to our speaking.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.
In that instant, everything changed.
Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
Strength to carry on despite the odds means you have faith in your own abilities and know how.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.
To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do.Attitude determines how well you do it.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile.
Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
She was too short to see over the fence.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be.
Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
However many holy words you read, However many you speak, What good will they do you If you do not act on upon them?
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
What worries you masters you.
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
In order to win, you must expect to win.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
Never deny a diagnosis, but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it.
Peace of mind is not the absence of conflict from life, but the ability to cope with it.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Don't let what you can't do stop you from doing what you can do.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because theyre not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
Transformation doesn't take place with a vacuum; instead, it occurs when we are indirectly and directly connected to all those around us.
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
If you're in a bad situation, don't worry it'll change. If you're in a good situation, don't worry it'll change.
Kindness is the greatest wisdom.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
If you come to a fork in the road, take it.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
In the long run we get no more than we have been willing to risk giving.
Rainbows apologize for angry skies.
Memory is the mother of all wisdom.
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
You really can change the world if you care enough.
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
The best teacher is experience learned from failures.
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
Spirituality can be severed from both vicious sectarianism and thoughtless banalities. Spirituality, I have come to see, is nothing less than the thoughtful love of life.
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
The Creator has not given you a longing to do that which you have no ability to do.
Never be afraid to try, remember... Amateurs built the ark, Professionals built the Titanic.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success.
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
Happiness is a Swedish sunset it is there for all, but most of us look the other way and lose it.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
When anger use your energy to do something productive.
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made.
To be thoughtful and kind only takes a few seconds compared to the timeless hurt caused by one rude gesture.
Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little do what you can.
The one who always loses, is the only person who gets the reward.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
My reputation grows with every failure.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
The pain passes, but the beauty remains.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
When you lose, don't lose the lesson.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
You can adopt the attitude there is nothing you can do, or you can see the challenge as your call to action.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare.
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.
Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
Many people think of prosperity that concerns money only to forget that true prosperity is of the mind.
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.
Winners have simply formed the habit of doing things losers don't like to do.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
Practice yourself, for heavens sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
Reality does not conform to the ideal, but confirms it.
Our distrust is very expensive.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
I cannot say whether things will get better if we change; what I can say is they must change if they are to get better.
Do, or do not. There is no try.
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
The only real valuable thing is intuition.
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
Be thankful when you don't know something for it gives you the opportunity to learn.
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
Action will remove the doubts that theory cannot solve.
Smile, breathe and go slowly.
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
Each time we face a fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
A beautiful thing is never perfect.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.
The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
All is flux; nothing stays still.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
At last
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
Thats the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction.
The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth.
To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as ones own in the midst of abundance.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
Don't let today's disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow's dreams.
By nature man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society more briefly, to find your real job, and do it.
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.
Fear grows in darkness; if you think theres a bogeyman around, turn on the light.
The beginning is always today.
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it.
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
Each day provides its own gifts.
A single conversation across the table with a wise person is worth a months study of books.
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how ot do it, and Virtue is doing it.
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
If you take each challenge one step at a time, with faith in every footstep, your strength and understanding will increase.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
This is a Japanese doll.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
You must train your intuition you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be.
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
The book is in front of the table.
We are all inclined to judge ourselves by our ideals; others, by their acts.
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.
Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
Someone remembers, someone cares; your name is whispered in someone's prayers.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
Much wisdom often goes with fewer words.
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones weve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.
We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.
Never mistake activity for achievement.
Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher.
We are all something, but none of us are everything.
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.
Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
Time is not a measure the length of a day or month or year but more a measure of what you have accomplished.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
The more light you allow within you, the brighter the world you live in will be.
Don't focus on making the right decision, focus on making the decision the right one.
You have power over your mind not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper.
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
To choose what is difficult all ones days, as if it were easy, that is faith.
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
Society develops wit, but its contemplation alone forms genius.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
Don't miss all the beautiful colors of the rainbow looking for that pot of gold.
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched.
An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
Happiness mainly comes from our own attitude, rather than from external factors.
The simplest things are often the truest.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
You have to take it as it happens, but you should try to make it happen the way you want to take it.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god.
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
Keep true to the dreams of thy youth.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.
An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block.
One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremest pleasure in life.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
It is impossible to feel grateful and depressed in the same moment.
Whoso loves, believes the impossible.
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
What we see is mainly what we look for.
Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.
One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that ones life has meaning, that one is needed in this world.
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing.
Rather than wishing for change, you first must be prepared to change.
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth.
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.
You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live.
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye.
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Never tell a young person that anything cannot be done. God may have been waiting centuries for someone ignorant enough of the impossible to do that very thing.
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health.
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
The steeper the mountain the harder the climb the better the view from the finishing line
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
Time is the wisest counsellor of all.
We cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us.
Any of us can achieve virtue, if by virtue we merely mean the avoidance of the vices that do not attract us.
If you wish to be a writer, write.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
Joy is the best makeup.
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.
Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose.
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
Begin to weave and God will give you the thread.
All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players.They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible.
Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day.
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.
Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated?
The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
When you learn, teach. When you get, give.
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day to day basis.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests.
You'll see it when you believe it.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
The thought manifests as the word. The word manifests as the deed. The deed develops into habit. And the habit hardens into character.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world.
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Everything in life is luck.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
Take it easy, but take it.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
All our talents increase in the using, and the every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise.
To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
The reason most goals are not achieved is that we spend our time doing second things first.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
I want more detailed information.
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind.
Always be smarter than the people who hire you.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it.
Here is one quality that one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
I don't believe in failure. It's not failure if you enjoyed the process.
Don't step on the broken glass.
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Skill to do comes of doing.
All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter.
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
The true way to render ourselves happy is to love our work and find in it our pleasure.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men.
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
The wisest men follow their own direction.
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
Live through feeling and you will live through love. For feeling is the language of the soul, and feeling is truth.
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
You only lose what you cling to.
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.
The best way out is always through.
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.
So long and thanks for the fish.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
Take heed: you do not find what you do not seek.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly.
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.
Friendship isn't a big thing. It's a million little things.
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them.
My mama always said: life's like a box of chocolate you never know what you gonna get.
We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
Love is not like pizza.
I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being.
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.
Respect should be earned by actions, and not acquired by years.
Silence is a source of great strength.
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought.
Worry gives a small thing a big shadow.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
There is one thing you have got to learn about our movement. Three people are better than no people.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.
Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
What you see depends on what you're looking for.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
Respect is not something that you can ask for, buy or borrow. Respect is what you earn from each person no matter their background or status.
Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
Open minds lead to open doors.
A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
He drank life before spitting it out.
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
Fortune befriends the bold.
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Nothing will work unless you do.
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak. Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.
As our case is new, we must think and act anew.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary.
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
They can do all because they think they can.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable.
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.
The secret of joy in work is contained in one word excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Our passion is our strength.
The cautious seldom err.
Chaos is inherent in all compounded things. Strive on with diligence.
We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light.
Be the change that you want to see in the world.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
The most decisive actions of our life... are most often unconsidered actions.
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble. Courage is the foundation of integrity.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything.
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.
Life is a progress, and not a station.
One who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; one who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.
The happy and efficient people in this world are those who accept trouble as a normal detail of human life and resolve to capitalize it when it comes along.
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance.
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
Wishes can be your best avenue of getting what you want when you turn wishes into action. Action moves your wish to the forefront from thought to reality.
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest.
A glittering gem is not enough.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
There's a message for you if you look up.
Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.
When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument. Everything is debatable. But when you stand for something, decisions are obvious.
The more you care, the stronger you can be.
No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.
It is not the mistake that has the most power, instead, it is learning from the mistake to advance your own attributes.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price well have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are.
A man of ability and the desire to accomplish something can do anything.
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be.
The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
Peace begins with a smile.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
A good rest is half the work.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Success is determined by those whom prove the impossible, possible.
Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.
A jug fills drop by drop.
The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going.
There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with.
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort.
Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment.
Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you.
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
The greatest antidote to insecurity and the sense of fear is compassion it brings one back to the basis of one's inner strength
What you are is what you have been. What you will be is what you do now.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
Self-complacency is fatal to progress.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
Take it easy but take it.
Give it all you've got because you never know if there's going to be a next time.
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
The day always looks brighter from behind a smile.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.
The aim of life is self-development. To realize ones nature perfectly that is what each of us is here for.
If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor.
A man's dreams are an index to his greatness.
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
You are the only person on Earth who can use your ability.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
Slow down and everything you are chasing will come around and catch you.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast you also miss the sense of where you are going and why.
The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car
Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
True happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
Be as you wish to seem.
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.
Some people think it's holding that makes one strong sometimes it's letting go.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
I am glad that I paid so little attention to good advice; had I abided by it I might have been saved from some of my most valuable mistakes.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all.
Loss is nothing else but change,and change is Natures delight.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
Good instincts usually tell you what to do long before your head has figured it out.
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
The best thing in every noble dream is the dreamer...
The external scars tell only part of the story.
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
Love is not blind; it simply enables one to see things others fail to see.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses.
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.
Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished.
Courage is not about taking risks unknowingly, but putting your own being in front of challenges that others may not be able to.
Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer, and practice it.
All know the way; few actually walk it.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
The world is always in movement.
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
Every man is a volume if you know how to read him.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself.
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
Change in all things is sweet.
Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.
Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man.
A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home.
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.
He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
The greater part of human pain is unnecessary. It is self-created as long as the unobserved mind runs your life.
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
Who sows virtue reaps honour.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
To know your purpose is to live a life of direction, and in that direction is found peace and tranquillity.
Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
Life is what happens while you are making other plans.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun.
We see things not as they are, but as we are. Our perception is shaped by our previous experiences.
You get peace of mind not by thinking about it or imagining it, but by quietening and relaxing the restless mind.
Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
The cosmos is neither moral or immoral; only people are. He who would move the world must first move himself.
The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.
Do more than dream: work.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.
Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength.
We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
We choose our destiny in the way we treat others.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
Why worry about tomorrow, when today is all we have?
To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.
Many people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could.
Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
A good teacher is like a candle it consumes itself to light the way for others.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
From wonder into wonder existence opens.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind.
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
All seasons are beautiful for the person who carries happiness within.
All great achievements require time.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
To give ones self earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom.
Speak low, if you speak love.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.
I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
In all things of nature there is something of the marvellous.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
Your destiny isn't just fate; it is how you use your own developed abilities to get what you want.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
Life is not measured by the breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon, and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world.
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
Nothing happens unless first we dream.
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
They can conquer who believe they can.
A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience.
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
Things do not change; we change.
Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
The day you decide to do it is your lucky day.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
To change ones life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions.
Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be.
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear.
Please wait outside of the house.
